
#Chapter 10


I always think of that Bloodhound Gang song when I get on the interstate.

"I-95 eight lanes wide, Midnight drive take a ride ..."

I sing "I-95 eight lanes wide Midnight drive, Who am I?" over and over while staring through the windshield on my way to nowhere.

Dan was a fashionable two hours late. When he arrived, I was starting a book-binding project because if I had turned on the TV, I'd be lost to National Geographic specials or that Greenpeace documentary I've been meaning to watch. I don't know how to bind pages, but a bunch of paper, two pieces of cardboard and rubber cement seemed like a good place to start. In any case, I barely had the glue open when Dan arrived. 

"B, double E, double R, U, N, Beerrun!" he was chanting happily. "Come on, we need to get beer for the road."

"You realize we can't drink and drive our way across the country, right?"

"I'm in the passenger seat. As long as no one sees the can, and you're not drunk, I can be as wasted as I want."

"I'm not driving all the way to California," says me, Captain Obvious. 

"And I'm not getting on the freeway until we swing by a 7-11 and get a six pack."

An hour later, Dan is only halfway through his first beer.  We're curving through the Blue Ridge Mountains on 81, just past the exit for Virginia Tech. There's not much traffic. A few semis and the sporadic family vehicle with the single driver and no family. 

"What should we do first?" Dan asks as if I have some sort of master plan, itemized and laid out in a double spaced document. "Shall we make a stop and do something fun?"

"No. We've been in the car all of an hour, we're getting out of Virginia before we stop."

Dan opens another beer and consults the map, "Ok. We went the wrong way. It would have been faster if we'd of gone up through West Virginia."

"Yeah, but then we would have had to go through West Virginia!" we both say in unison.

When he's done laughing, Dan resumes his navigation. "We'll stop in Nashville. We'll sing a country song. Then we should head towards St. Louis and take 70. There's a psychedelic mall somewhere around there plus, on 70, we'll go straight through Denver. Great whiskey bars. We can get high in the Mile High City."

I've been cross country in a car a few times. He's right, the middle route is by far the best. If we stay on the southern route, we would get to see the Grand Canyon, but heading up through Bakersfield will ruin the experience. The majesty of the red rocks is promptly forgotten when you drive into southern California and see the millions of cows, penned together and unable to move. "Livestock agriculture", it's called. Really, it's a disgusting, inhumane storage of future food products. 

As I get older I spend more time thinking about my food choices. I'm a meat and potatoes kind of girl, but lately I've started worrying more and more about my ecological footprint. I don't buy grass fed beef or organic chickens or whatever. I take one look at the price tag and think "At this point it doesn't even matter what I'm putting in my body." Then I obsess that I allowed myself to put non-organic food in my body. 

The northern route through the U.S. of A is too boring. The thousands of acres of wheat and corn may have been immortalized in the phrase "amber waves of grain" but in reality, it's a boring passage of scenery that reminds you to be happy. You will, eventually, die.

So we'll take the middle route. 

"Oh shit! I forgot!" Dan throws off his seatbelt and turns to rummage through his things in the trunk. "I made us a mix." After strewing half our belongings across the back seat, Dan plugs in his iPod and KC and the Sunshine band start blasting through the car. "I've got Creedance. I've got Tom Petty. I've got mother-fucking WHIP on this thing. 41 hours of tunes, lovingly compiled for our trip to the World's End."

"Greeeaaaat," I say sarcastically, though secretly I'm pleased that Dan has managed to put together actual road trip music instead of some horrifying compilation of techno meets bluegrass. 

As the hours tick by, we talk about nothing in particular. Sometimes Dan turns the music up too loud, and sometimes it's barely audible as he explains the rock heritage of one song or another. We stop once, getting off the interstate and detouring to Pigeon Forge after Dan sees a billboard for something called Adventure Land. Dan plays arcade games and pees three times before we're allowed to move on. I call Eric.

"How's being trapped in a steel container with Dan going?" he asks as Dan bangs on the Killer Instinct machine, cursing and screaming 'Die! Die! Die!'

"It's fine. Dan's pretty fun, he just overly boisterous."

"I'm sure you're having a better time than I am. I just spent two hours talking to June about her InterVision thing. You know she's actually bought a wardrobe on our dime? I tried to tell her that we wouldn't pay for it, but her incessant reasoning made me tired."

"Oh come off it. It's only a couple hundred bucks, Onyx can swing it." 

"Couple thousand."

"Really? What'd she buy a solid gold ball gown?"

"That and seven hundred and fifty dollar shoes. One pair."

"Christ."

"Whatever, I don't really care at this point. So where are you?"

"We're at some sort of cheap, plastic castle in Tennessee. There's a wax museum down the street and I saw a roller coaster on the way in. We're going to grab some cholesterol and fat, then hit the road again. Three and a half more hours to Nashville. If we get out of here within the next hour, we'll make it by ten."

"Want me to book you a hotel?"

"Nah. Dan booked a place called the Peabody Hotel. He read that the fountain in the lobby has ducks in it and got all hot and bothered. I think he's planning to steal one." I'm not joking. Dan told me his plan to steal the smallest, cutest duck on the way out in the morning. He tried to give me a role in the escapade, asking me to cause a scene at the front desk. It's not that I have a problem helping him steal a duck, just that I don't really want to ride all the way to California with a duck in the Jeep. 

"Call me when you leave tomorrow. I want to hear whether or not you're going to have to drive all the way to California with a duck in the car." Once again, Eric displays his ability to read my mind.

When we finally get back on the interstate, I know we're not going to make it to Nashville until at least eleven. Our dinner, though we both ordered the buffet, took longer than I expected. The waitress never returned to our table, and we had to ask four different people for our check. The fourth was the manager, who sighed and said "Chrissy was your waitress, wasn't she?" Yes. She was. And both Dan and I felt bad for telling on her. She had been wearing two different socks, her uniform was torn and dirty and her frazzled hair and the bags under her eyes screamed "I need this job because everything else in my life is already falling apart."

Once back on the road, Dan drifts off and begins snoring. The six pack of beer, arcade games, buffet and three whiskey sours have tuckered the little guy out. I turn the music down and set the speed control. Just two more hours and we'll stop for the night.

---
"Dan? Dan, we're here." I feel like a mother, gently waking her son at the end of a long trip. "Dan...dude, wake up."

"Just go check us in," Dan mumbles without moving.

"Ok, but I thought you'd want to see the ducks before or at the same time as I do..." Dan bolts up, opens the car door and tries to get out without taking off his seatbelt. He finally manages to release the belt, jumps out of the car and runs toward the entrance without looking back. I've never seen someone go from asleep to excited in a shorter amount of time. 

I'm slow behind him. I imagine that if I come in a bit later, I can avoid the embarrassment of having to explain his behavior to the security guards. The air is warm for mid-May. I ask the valet if I can leave the car where it is while I check in. 

"Of course, ma'am. The hotel staff will give you a pass for our parking garage," the guy barely looks at me, but his tone is pleasant.

As I enter the lobby, I see Dan sitting on the side of the fountain staring at a duck under a chair. The fountain is the centerpiece in the lobby. It's surrounded by small tables with four armchairs around each. Behind the fountain and in the corner is the checkin. A red carpet leads to the fountain. The only duck I see is the one Dan is staring at. A tiny smile curled on his face, Dan is motionless.

"So, there's.."

"Shh! Shut it! You'll scare him off!"

"Whatever," I mumble as I walk over to the receptionist. "Hi, we have a reservation under Hewes." 

Onyx encrypts everything, I don't worry about anyone finding an association between Dan and me. I do worry a bit about law enforcement chasing us across the country. Maybe I've seen too many movies, but based on the type of information we collect regularly at Onyx, I'm confident that the government would have no trouble using my identity and credit cards to pinpoint a location. To stay on the safe side, I told Dan back in Everitt that he shouldn't use my full name for anything. I also had a few thousand in cash.

"Welcome to the Peabody Hotel Nashville Mrs. Hewes. Your husband certainly seems to like the ducks," the receptionist smiles genuinely. She's not making fun or slighting Dan in any way, but I have the inkling that she might think he's retarded somehow. "We left Duckster out because he was so excited."

"Duckster?"

"Yes, that's the name of the duck. Each year we have three or four new ducks, and they are named by children in the community. If you'd like to support the initiative, there's information and donation boxes near the elevators on each floor."

"Oh, ok, thanks." Support the initiative, I wonder. What's the initiative? How does naming ducks change the world for the better. I know I'll forget to look by the time we get upstairs, so I decided to ask, "Sorry, what exactly is 'the initiative'?"

"Oh! I'm sorry, I was too brief. We have a lot of guests who, frankly, just don't care," she smiles. "Each year we run a campaign to strengthen community togetherness. It's called the Duck Festival. We gather neighborhood businesses and eateries and organize a parade. The centerpiece is a contest for children. They're asked to build model ducks – you know, out of paper mache or cardboard or whatever – and parade them around the festival. They give their duck names, and the winning model ducks are displayed in the local library for a year. In addition, the names are given to that year's baby ducks."

"That sounds really sweet," I say. Normally I wouldn't be moved by quaint neighborhood happenings, but for some reason the Duck Festival sounds like the world I wish the world was. I wouldn't go to that type of thing, of course, I'm too anti-social, but I'm glad other people think it's fun.

"Yes, it's nice. It sounds a bit old fashioned perhaps, but in a city like Nashville, these types of things sort of explode. Anyway, there are brochures near the elevators, and if you'd like to see photographs from the festival and the duck models, you're welcome to take a look in the Heritage Ballroom. It's on the second floor, though," she looks at her watch, "you'll need to get up there before midnight. Let's get you checked in!"

I look at my phone and see that it's already 11:39 p.m. After our conversation, I feel like I absolutely have to see the festival photographs. I wave to Dan and he comes over. 

"Ok Mr and Mrs Hewes, you're in room 707 on the seventh floor. Turn down service is complementary and has already been taken care of. Breakfast is included with your stay. It is served between 6 and 10 in our breakfast nook on the top floor. Excellent view of Nashville," she concludes.

"Thanks very much," I say as I gather the keycards. "Oh, I almost forgot, can we have a pass to the parking garage?"

"Yes, of course. Where are you parked?"

"We're in the Jeep right out front."

"Excellent. Here's the pass, but I'd recommend you go to the Heritage Ballroom before moving your car." She pauses, "That is, if you'd like to see the duck photographs."

"What!?" Dan exclaims. "You have real ducks and duck photographs?" He's jumping around a little, like a five year old who was just offered ice-cream.

"I'll fill him in on the Duck Festival," I smile at the receptionist. "Thanks very much."

Dan and I take the elevator to the second floor and wander towards the Heritage Ballroom. Along the way, I tell him about the Duck Festival.

"Isn't that nice," he says with some seriousness. "It's such a shame that these kinds of community gatherings don't get more media coverage."

"Wait, what? How do you know that the Duck Festival isn't on the front page of the Tennessean a few times a year?"

"Just making the assumption that stupid people doing stupid things, government corruption and international politics probably bump cute little Duck Festival to page fifteen with a paragraph and a half. Did you know that Everitt has an annual flower festival?"

"No, they do?"

"Yep and guess what? It's covered in three lines, once a year. Same, same, what a shame."

We enter the ballroom and take a look at about fifty photographs of the Duck Festival. The Festival looks under-visited given the nearly two million people who live in and around Nashville. Smiling photographs of children holding model ducks and parents holding funnel cakes take on a slightly creepy air in the dimly lit ballroom. 

"Yeah," says Dan, "I don't think we need to rearrange our plans for this."

Dan heads to the room while I go to move the car and grab the overnight bag Dan packed. While we were driving, Dan decided we should shower only once every three days on our way to Sonora. It was an effort "to detox our bodies from capitalist soap scum", he said. He insisted that we change only our underwear and brush our teeth. When I asked whether or not I'd be allowed to wash my face he said, "Whatever floats your boat, but I'm not washing mine and you can't make me." Then he put our toothbrushes and toothpaste, a pair of his boxers and a pair of my underwear into a tiny bag and said "Now we won't have to unload anything."

On the way out of the Heritage Ballroom he had called "Minibars are bullshit expensive, bring the vodka!"

I was about to pull away from the curb and do a lap around the block to pull into the garage when Dan came running out of the hotel.

"I've just had a brilliant idea!" he exclaimed. "Let's go to a Nashville WALMART!"

Keen to walk around a little and fully aware that any Walmart between the hours of midnight and seven am is a jamboree of idiocy, I smile and say, "Alright, Dan, get in."

---
We drive four miles to the next Walmart. I'm trying to think of what I might need and help my brain out a little by taking a large swig from the vodka. Looks like I'll be needing vodka. Dan is talking about buying food for the trip. We pull into the Walmart parking lot and are pleased to see several cars taking up multiple parking spaces. We get out of the car and walk towards the fluorescent lights. 

"We can have a picnic in Kansas."

"Do we really want to stop in Kansas?"

"Good point. Let's just buy a bunch of food. We'll eat it, I know we will."

"You'll eat it," I say.

"You know whoever is driving that thing has a rat tail," Dan says pointing to a wreck that has four different colored doors. 

"Yeah and that one is a mullet for sure," I respond, pointing to a pickup truck covered in dried mud and wearing two spare tires. As we walk inside, no greeter greets us, just a sign that says "Welcome to Walmart" with a pile of the yellow smiley face stickers underneath. We both chuckle and put seven or eight stickers on our shirts, I slap one on Dan's back, he slaps one on my shoe. We're two minutes inside of the front door and already acting like asshats.

"Let's go play with the balls until someone comes to yell at us!" My nostalgia for midnight Walmart is overpowering me. I feel like I'm fifteen again. "Or should we go get a Walmart bottle first."

"Yes, the second one. I'm getting a cart." We head first to the hunting supply section to find a flask and end up putting two in the cart. Next, we head all the way to the other side of the massive warehouse to the liquor section. "Thank god it's before two," Dan says. He pulls a bottle of vodka off the shelf and puts it in the cart. He discreetly opens a second, fills one of the flasks, and hides the bottle behind the others. 

"Ok, now we're set. To the balls!" and Dan takes off for the toy section. He runs, jumps on the cart, glides, then runs some more. I'm laughing as I try to keep up. In the women's clothing section an employee rolls her eyes as we pass by, but she doesn't say anything. Walmart employees really don't make enough money to give much of a fuck. As long as we don't knock over entire racks or get caught with our flask, we should be fine. Even if we do knock over racks or get caught with alcohol, we'll be fine. Someone might throw us out, but unless we fight them directly, no one is going to call the police on us.

Although there were several cars in the parking lot, the place feels empty. It's the size of it, I'm sure. On our way past the camping gear (for the second time), I spot a guy with a mullet. "Hey!" yells Dan, "Is that your dirty ass pickup outside?" He doesn't wait for an answer, just keeps moving towards the toy section. 

A ball comes flying at my head before I realize the ball basket is right in front of me. Dan has armed himself with balls and is stealthily moving through the aisles. One after another four balls barely miss me. I load my arms and start chasing him down. Three minutes later there's balls all over the toy section and we're collapsed on the floor next to the bikes laughing. 

An employee rounds the corner. "You betta put all them balls back," he says with tired authority. 

"No worries, we're on it," I say standing up.

"Not me," yells Dan and then he hops on a bike and pedals down the center aisle.

"Goddamn druggies," mumbles the employee as he heads back towards the "employees only" section from whence he came. 

As I'm dumping the six balls I've gathered back into the ball container I hear a loud screech. I look down the center aisle to see Dan balancing a front wheelie about a half a foot from the mullet guy. I walk towards them. 

Mullet man is standing, like a house, arms crossed with a look on his face that is unmistakable. I walk a little faster. He's looking for a fight. As if he'd just chugged a bottle of battery acid, mullet man grabs the handlebars to Dan's bike and yanks down, collapsing the delicate balance and sending Dan into a somersault beneath the BMX. Dan turns to lay on his back, gingerly pushes the bike away from his body and looks up at the mullet peering down at him.

"Dude, man. I swear, it wasn't me you found in bed with your mother-sister." I reach them, place my feet on either side of Dan's head and stand face to face with the mullet man.

"Now let's just breathe for a moment," I say calmly looking into a set of wired eyes. 

"Bitch, I don't like hitting women, but that doesn't mean I won't do it." Dan scoots back and rolls himself into a standing position. He's still behind me, the mullet man is glaring past me. "Move," he says.

The fraction of a second passes and the man has shoved me to the side and lunged at Dan. Dan counters immediately with a swift kick to the balls, and the mullet flies in the wind as the man doubles over, tears in his eyes. He's incapacitated in a single instant.

And then Dan laughs. "You stupid fucking rednecks. All brawn and no brains."

The next thing I know I'm flying through the air. From behind me a large, heavy set woman is holding a new pair of boots. The one wrapped around her hand just hit me in the head. 

"For fucks sake," says Dan. I taste metal in my mouth. The man is still on the floor. Dan and I look at the woman, I spit blood at her, and then we turn to walk away. From behind she shoves me one last time before I clockwise punch her in the face and she goes down next to her husband. 

Dan and I look at each other, shrug and move on. We say nothing. I breathe in deep through my nose. I swing into the Pharmacy section on our way out, gurgle some Listerine to get the metallic taste out of my mouth and then Dan and I walk calmly out into the parking lot – each holding a half empty flask.

We're driving out of the parking lot when mullet man and his lady friend come out the door and look around wildly. 

---
The next morning Dan and I are quiet over coffee. We manage to make it to the Peabody Breakfast at 9:47 a.m., despite having slept only five hours. We made it before the staff took away the rest of the European style buffet. There is a smattering of breads and jams, cold cuts, cereals, yogurt. Scrambled eggs are in a giant buffet style metal catering thing, just the last bits clinging to the corners of the container. They're too fluffy and mostly cold. Dan and I have filled our plate, but only picked at the breakfast. We're both hung over and barely able to move. The coffee cups are too small, and we've both had to refill them four times already. It's 9:57. 

A small older gentleman comes to start clearing the breakfast away. He asks us if there's anything he should leave. We tell him that other than what's on our plates and the coffee, we're fine. We stare into nothingness for another ten minutes.

"We won't make it all the way to Denver today," I say, tired and unenthused about getting back into the car. "Especially if we stop at that psychedelic mall in St Louis."

"We're stopping at the mall, dude. We have to."

"Yeah, ok. You know what this means, though, right?" I've got a map open on my phone.

"It means we'll have an excellent time at a crazy mall?" Dan is staring into his coffee, quiet in a way that's relaxing and rewarding. I briefly consider keeping him hungover for the entire trip. It would mean, of course, that I have to keep him drunk for the entire trip. I'm weighing the reward of having a quiet Dan for half the time with the tragedy of being with drunk Dan for the other half. Dan says "No, seriously, what does it mean?"

"Oh. We're going to have to stay in Kansas tonight."

"Shit. Well, as long as we don't go into Kansas City, how bad can it be?"

"It's so boring."

"Nothing is boring when you're with me babe," Dan looks up, smiles tiredly and drinks the rest of his coffee. "You should probably call Eric now."

We return to the room where Dan goes to "shit, shower and shave". I call Eric in the meantime. 

"You didn't call me last night."

"I called you from the arcade!"

"You said twice a day."

"Yeah, but we only drove another few hours and then..."

"Then what?"

"Well, we got into a drunken fight in a Walmart, and then I passed out. Not sure how we drove back to the hotel." 

Eric laughs, "Of course you did."

"So...I, like, miss you and stuff."

"And stuff?"

"Oh come on, don't make me gah all over the phone. Dan's going to come in any minute and tell us we're gross."

"I like being gross with you," Eric obviously doesn't want to talk about anything substantial. Neither do I. I'm happy just hearing his voice at the moment. Though I am feeling a little heartache knowing that I'm not going to see him for a while. I briefly consider turning the car back and just going home. But then I think of Niela and the mountain retreat and freedom. I don't allow myself to be tethered. To feel attached. When I start feeling attached, I force myself to detach. I've found it to be less painful in the long run.

"Where'd you go?" My couple of seconds of silence and contemplation elicit response on the telephone. One of the reasons I prefer in-person or written communication. In person you can pretend like you're just looking at the other person for a moment, regardless of where you happen to go in your head. In written communication there's no pause. Even if you're using instant messaging, the seconds between messages can be attributed to typing or bathroom break or anything really. On the phone there's no body cue, there's no excuse for silence. Or maybe I just think there's no excuse for silence. 

"I'm here. I'm going to go though. I'll call you from wherever we end up tonight. It's looking like we won't make it to Colorado. We'll probably spend the night somewhere in Kansas."

"Shit, I'm sorry."


---
Our drive to St. Louis is uneventful. We listen to no music. We barely say a word. We stop for gas and both grab a large cup of coffee. This proves to be the most exciting bit of the journey. The rest of the drive is taillights and semis. We're only twenty minutes from the Psychedelic Mall in St Louis.

"I think my body has the personality of a wigger," Dan says.

"What?" It's late afternoon. I'm feeling a lot better having had more coffee and a sandwich.

"You know, a wigger. You know what a wigger is, right?"

"Isn't that a derogatory term for a white person who personifies hip-hop culture?" 

Dan looks at me with a raised eyebrow. "Do you think it's derogatory like the 'N' word is derogatory?" He asks seriously.

"No. I remember people using the word 'wigger' in the nineties, but I don't remember whether or not it was a source of controversy. I figure since I can't remember, and since every time anyone has ever used that word it's been in good fun, I don't need to consider it a racial slur. Though, clearly, it's a racial slur."

"Yeah, but it's racist against white people, and we're white," Dan smiles. "So it doesn't count."

"I always wondered if you could be xenophobic against your own race..."

"Only if you're a mass murderer, right?"

"Are mass murderers xenophobic or are they just people haters more generally?"

Dan thinks for a moment. "Well, I think mostly mass murderers have a type. You know, John Wayne Gacy killed little boys, Jack the Ripper killed prostitutes. That one guy who wore the skin of his victims...you know, the guy 'Silence of the Lambs' is based on...? Hold on, am I talking about mass murderers or serial killers?"

"Serial killers," I answer, then I recall how this conversation got started. "Wait. What do you mean your 'body has the personality of a wigger?'"

"Oh, heh. It's just that when I pay attention to my body, I imagine it saying things like 'Yo, I'm feelin' tired bitch.' Or 'S'up homie, gimme some Maddog b-fore I slap you." 

I've never gotten used to the idea that words should be forbidden to one cultural group or another. A PhD student yelled at me once for using the word "meritocracy" in a positive context. I allowed myself to passionately debate that one. The "N" word though has a context that can't be denied. My race makes it off-limits, and that's ok. Even though I fervently believe that the intellectual conversation around semantics is more important than the semantics themselves. 

Dan rubs his eyes. "Are we there yet?"

"Almost." We go back to a comfortable silence and I continue to think about language and how we express ourselves depending on our conversational partners and surroundings. Every once in a while I sidetrack into thoughts of serial killers. Dan stares blankly out the window, assumably listening to his wigger body telling him that he's still too hungover to feign energy.

We drive straight through the center of St Louis on our way to a suburb where the Psychedelic Mall awaits. We see the famous Gateway Arch out the window. Dan comments that in real life it's actually more than he expected. He sounds genuine in his pleasure for the Arch as he describes the disappointment of many a landmark. He, thankfully, doesn't suggest a photo opp.

We're both ready for a sustained break when we pull into the mall parking lot. It's taken us nearly five hours to get here, and we're both in need of a walk, a toilet, a little distraction from the repetitive drive that's slowly taking us out West.

We haven't talked about our reason for leaving, and I find that Harron, Onyx and even Eric are farther from my mind than they probably should be. The guilt trickles in. It's a weird feeling. I desperately want Eric to be texting and phoning me all the time. I miss him. But I'm also angry at myself for feeling too much and trying to turn on the switch of indifference. He asked me to call him twice a day. Asked me. Like it's my responsibility to keep up the relationship because I'm the one who went on a road trip. All of my relationships make me feel like it's up to me to maintain them. If I don't make an appointment for the gynecologist, I just don't see her.

The entrance we park near is like any other mall entrance except there's a giant sculpture outside of the door. It looks a bit like a butterfly torpedo flew down the throat of a butterfly. Or maybe it's a female butterfly that has flown up to massacre and eat the body of her lover.

I love that there are multiple species in which the female eats the male after mating, and I imagine what it would be like if humans did that too. I start to remember various stories in which the woman eats the man. Either with a knife and fork as in the film Delicatessen or by enfolding him into her vagina as in the book American Gods by Neil Gaiman. The stories give me a weird, sick sense of power. The farther I follow these thoughts, however, the more disgusted with myself I become. I follow the thread to that movie where after a plane crash the only way that people can survive is by eating each other. Cannibalism. That leads me to recollect Defoe's Robinson Crusoe, which takes my mind in the direction of living on a deserted island. I'm mentally planning which three books I'd bring if I were to be stranded on a deserted island when Dan interrupts my thoughts.

"It's not that fucking interesting Maggie, can you hurry the fuck up?"

I pull out my phone as Dan holds the door for me. "I'm just going to call Eric, you go ahead."

"No. We're living this dream together. Just hurry up." Dan takes a position against the wall inside the door, looking down at his shoes as if he doesn't want to look around until my attention is with him. 

The phone just rings. Eventually Eric's machine picks up and I leave a quick message. I end with "You know, you could call me too," and I'm surprised by my own annoyance.

"Alright. Mall. Let's do it." Dan nearly jumps out of his skin as he takes two hurried steps further into the mall. He slows down immediately. We both stop. We're standing in the corridor of the mall looking around.

It's a dirt mall. A mall whose time has passed. Neglected and sad, the Psychedelic Mall is no longer the crowning beauty of consumerism. Four out of the five shops in our immediate vicinity are closed. They've been closed. The layer of dust on the storefront steel gates reveals an alarming trend in online shopping. The store that is open sells candy and nothing else. The stacks of candy jars look as if they've been there for several years and even Dan doesn't suggest that we go inside. A bored clerk sits staring at the ceiling, contemplating his life choices. 

In the middle of the corridor are circular benches, covered in yellow and teal fabric stained with the years. They look plushy but forgotten, seams coming apart and sofa filling twirling in indiscernible tendrils in every direction. The wiry threads are everywhere, including the floor beneath the benches. As we walk slowly onward, deeper into the belly of the mall, the benches change shape and size, clearly a designers attempt to fulfill a contract that said something like "Various exciting and interesting benches for the new Psychedelic Mall".

Besides the candy store clerk, we've yet to see a living soul. Storefront after storefront is closed down and the artificial lighting flickers sadly. The air feels yellow. A woman leans across the counter in a brightly lit dry-cleaning shop, and there are no clothes hanging on the rotator behind her.

An old fashioned popcorn machine stands in the middle of an intersection. It too is dusty and forgotten, but still boasting the grease from a previous life. 

"This is the most depressing place I've ever been," Dan says with an air of absolute solitude. "I feel like we have to walk this mall, Mags."

"We should just leave. This place is sucking the light from my soul." His genuine sadness inflicts a kind of disgust in me as I realize that it's also the most depressing place I've ever been.

"No. We should walk this mall and take in the stank," he says seriously, with no emphasis on the word "stank".

"Why would we do that!? This place is awful."

"Yes," he says, "it's so awful that later when we remember it, we'll be elated that we are no longer here. That life has moved forward and that the conflict of time has won out on us."

Jesus. Dan has become poetic. This can't be a good sign.

"Do you think there's a liquor store in here?" He says, relieving me with his alcoholism.

"Probably not, but let's walk this bitch like we're old people, and if we see one, we'll be saved."

Dan and I spend the next twenty minutes walking up and down each of the three corridors that make up the mall. We see a great many things of interest, all more depressing than the last, and we speak very little as we are lost in forlorn hope. 
