#Chapter 18


The grate opens easily and Dan and I are able to make our way to the access road. As we spill out of the basement path, Dan turns back to me. He starts to say something and I watch in horror as he rolls over the hood of a car with no headlights. I bolt towards the car, slide across the hood and kill the driver through the windshield. His radio drops from his hand. A security guard doing a perimeter drive. I listen for a moment to the annoying pop music subtly filling the calm morning air. It's been getting light. 

Running around the back of the car, I help Dan to his feet. "Are you hurt!?"

"Those fucking creeper electric cars! You can't fucking hear them!"

"You're..."

"Yeah, yeah, I'm fine, but seriously those things are dangerous." Dan brushes the dust from his clothes, stretches his neck and pulls his shoulders back. "I'm going to be sore tomorrow."

We leave the car and the body where it is and head down the access road and off the property. We pass our entry point and turn a corner. Niela is gone, and though we're tired from the newest spike and decline of adrenaline, we smile at each other that she is. We start a long, slow walk to the nearest train station. There's no one else on our way. The cars on the highway in the distance can't see us as we cross through the Silicon Valley wilderness, and the train station is mostly empty except for a few overzealous tech bros and finance dudes who are heading north. We take the first train that stops on our track, heading south. We go five stops and then get off the train. We're both sweaty, disheveled and smelling like rot, but the morning commute is just starting and most people are heading in the opposite direction. We find a pay phone on the corner and I dial Niela's number. She doesn't answer. 

"Looks like we're going to need a ride," I say to Dan, hanging up the payphone. "Should we call an Uber?"

"To Sonora? Or where?"

"Yeah, we head back to the Hollow. Niela should be there." I pick up the phone again and dial Oscar. The phone rings. It just rings.

"Well, you know I hate to say it, but I think Uber is our only option. It'll take us like twenty hours to take a fucking train from here. Or..."

"What?"

"What if we just steal a car?" Dan gestures towards the train station parking lot. There are about fifteen cars to choose from. 

"You know, at this point, we might as well."

"I'll drive." 

We choose an inconspicuous black sedan, a good ten years old. Old cars are easier to steal, and we manage without much effort. Driving out of the parking lot, I ask Dan if he even knows how to get to Sonora from here. 

"Signs for Sonora start in Manteca, I think. Just gotta go..." Dan slams on the brakes and skids to the right, then guns the car onto the 880 North. "North or something."

We drive in silence, both of us processing everything that just happened. I pat my pocket. I still have the drive, but we'd left our gear in the main room of  the basement facility. A sadness overcomes me as I think about what to do with the drive without Oscar. There's nothing much on the drive, as far as I know, he'd used the little widget to pull information remotely. 

"We need to go to Onyx," I turn to Dan. "We've got to figure out what Oscar got before he..." my voice breaks, "died."

"First Sonora, then things," Dan looks at me wearily. "Old Mr Hewes needs a minute. We need to regroup."

"Maybe Oscar is still alive."

"Maybe."

We fall into silence and the traffic starts to thicken. Dan doesn't bother bitching about it, he's in his own head. Staring out the window, I feel like I can't even begin to make a plan. Eric is dead. June is dead. Jacob is dead. Mike is dead. Oscar is probably dead. Whatever I was infected with seems to have spread, and Intervision is looking into that now as well as being funded by the government to continue development on the various types of eyewear that can be accessed remotely and used for neuro-manipulation. What had Jacob said? That the ultimate limitation would be faster now that they had "parallel strategies". So Jacob and Mike had some sort of sinister plot to get the mind control tech into the public sphere. We'd seen it at the zoo in Denver, so Intervision must have devices in other publicly visited spaces.

I sigh loudly. Everything is complex. We need the information. Without Oscar, we're going to need someone else who can figure out what Mnemonic got from our little reconnaissance mission. Dan and I are techie enough, but I'm sure Oscar wasn't expecting to get shot in the head. I doubt he wrote up some sort of a roadmap for us. 

The events of the last few days spin around in my head as I watch the almond and apple fields pass by. The trip goes by quickly, and I am so exhausted I get no closer to some sort of plan or solution as we drive by the place we had the Super Bowl breakfast. We snake up the road towards the Hollow, and I'm wondering if Niela is ok. I feel a relief when I see her car parked in front of the house and I hear Dan mutter "thank god" under his breath. He'd been worried too. 

We park and head into the house, Niela jumps when we push open the door. She rushes towards us and we share a genuine group hug. 

"I'm really happy to see you, I haven't been here long. Only thirty minutes or something, I got nervous and left. Sorry."

"No, you did the right thing," Dan says. "We almost got killed on the perimeter. They had an extra guard rolling around in an electric car."

"Those things are creepy," Niela smiles, "can't hear them coming." Dan laughs out loud. "So what next?" Niela and Dan both look at me as if I have some master plan. 

"I need a nap," I say. I don't wait for a response. I just turn away and head into my room and lie down.

---
I only sleep for an hour or so. I hear Dan and Niela in the kitchen clunking around. It sounds like they're making lunch. I realize how famished I am. I hear their low voices, but I can't make out what they're talking about. When I head into the kitchen, Dan hands me a beer.

"It's not even technically after noon yet," I protest.

"Yeah, well, whatevs."

Niela looks at me sideways, "Dan told me all the things. I'm sorry." She hugs me and I melt into her. I start to cry silently. The beer in my hand is shaking. I right myself, closing the compartments up again. I will grieve. But not today, not here and not now.

I shake my head as I pull back from Niela. She looks concerned. "Don't worry about it," I say, "I will deal with my emotions later."

"Or you can just repress them like I do and get liver cancer or something," Dan starts chugging his beer and reaches for another one while he's still drinking.

"Well, I think we should make an appointment with my lawyer and try to get out ahead of the entire thing."

"Is your lawyer any good?" I ask her. "I don't even know what we're dealing with here."

"She better be good, she costs a fortune."

"What's her specialty?"

"Everything. She's one of those everything lawyers. Or, I mean, she has a firm."

"I don't know that we have a fortune." Dan raises his eyebrows, "With Jacob gone, all our resources are gone too. But no matter, we only need an hour or two of her time right now. After that, we'll just mine some bitcoins or something."

"Way to plan ahead."

Niela turns back to the work of making sandwiches and Dan starts rummaging in the cupboard for more food or alcohol or whatever he's looking for. I still don't have a plan, but nothing seems particularly urgent. 

Of course I'm wrong about that because the next moment I hear doors slamming and footsteps running towards the house. In seconds, the door slams open and a SWAT team is aiming five guns at us. It's too much weapon for the situation. Niela stands stunned with a jar of mayonnaise in her hand. Dan takes a swig of his beer and I follow his lead.

"Hey guys," I say, "anyone want a sandwich?" The team stands like a cluster of sculptures. I look out the windows to see more officers surrounding the house. "This is a bit much, isn't it?"

A tall grey haired man wearing a perfectly tailored suit and glasses comes through the door. His walk is cool, calm. His shirt is pressed, and with one hand he unbuttons his jacket as he enters the room. "No, I don't think it is. Margaret Lawson you are under arrest for the murders of Mike Franzel, Jacob Sunnard and Henry Blankenship. You have the right to remain silent, anything you say can and will be used against you in a court of law. You have the right to an attorney. If you cannot afford an attorney, one will be provided to you. Do you understand your rights?"

Dan lets out a snort. The man turns to him. "Daniel Hewes, you are under arrest for aiding and abetting in the murders of Mike Franzel and Jacob Sunnard. You have..."

"I know my rights," Dan interrupts him. "Where are we going?"

One of the SWAT officers moves towards Dan. He finishes his beer, sets the bottle on the counter and then holds up his wrists. The officer handcuffs him and leads him out the door. I show my wrists to the grey haired man, and he nods at another officer. "To be honest, I'm very glad that you two are coming quietly."

"Niela," I say, "call the lawyer and have her meet us at...?"

"We will give you the address once we've arrived, Niela, is it? Do you have a card?"

Niela moves to the couch. The SWAT team watch her closely and raise their guns a fraction of an inch upwards when she reaches into her purse. She pulls out a business card and hands it to the man.

"Mind giving me a ride? I assume you're going to the city?"

"I'm afraid you'll need to drive yourself."

"Fine."

We file out of the house and Dan and I are placed in separate vehicles. The convoy leaves the Hollow with Niela at the very back, and I'm in a van with the grey haired man. He talks pleasantly to me throughout the drive out of the Sierra Nevadas. He asks some questions. Eventually, he realizes I'm exercising my right to remain silent. 

For the third time today, I'm stare out the window at the California dust. Sitting in the back of the black sedan, not even a police vehicle, handcuffed, but otherwise unrestrained, I allow my thoughts to turn to Eric. Silent tears stream down my face, but I pay no attention to the grey haired man watching me in the side mirror. 

If I hadn't left Everitt, everything would be different. If I hadn't been so stubborn, allowed Eric to help me, things would have been different. But then again, if we hadn't been in Denver, we wouldn't have seen Intervisions tech in use. We had suspicions of their projects, June had certainly known more than I did, but if we had stayed with June and Eric things would have been different. I'm cursing myself for deciding that I needed a break from Eric, for wanting to get away from Onyx and Harron and just use the road trip to think and process. I'm cursing my brain for needing to process. Why couldn't I just see things for what they were? Too big and too complicated to actually do anything about. Now I'll never see him again. The intensity of our relationship has been lacking inside me since we last spoke. A hole where I used to get this loving attention from is growing wider and wider. I was repressing my unholy desires, or whatever, and forcing myself to create space and distance and for what? If I had just allowed myself to fall in, maybe Eric would still be alive. 

On top of it, I am, in some way, responsible for Oscar's death. A bright guy with all kinds of future. Someone who had no reason to be involved in anything that was going on. I am, in some way, responsible for several deaths.

The disease. Somewhere amongst the cement of the 250 West, I remember the disease. The grey and death in Eric's face. Bethany's chomping jaw and the cowboy from Everitt. I look at my arm. The bumps of the scarring are already less that what they were a couple of days ago. It looks completely normal. It looks as if I'll have a scar for the rest of my life, but not even a highly noticeable one. I struggle to figure out why I didn't turn grey. Why Dan didn't turn grey. What is the thread that holds all of this together? My head is aching, and I'm too tired to think anymore.

---
"Well, Maggie, I'm going to be straight with you. With thirty-eight felony offenses, not even counts, *offenses*, and the prosecutor trying to get multiple counts of biological warfare as another offense against you, there's no hope in hell that you're not going to spend the rest of your life in prison."

"What about Dan?"

"Dan had only six felonies since you took all of the responsibility for everything that happened, but he got himself a contempt of court at his arraignment hearing when he started yelling at everyone."

"That sounds about right."

"We might be able to get Dan paroled in 15 or 20 years. Might."

"Dan will either die in prison or stay there forever. He has one of those kinds of personalities. He's not going to keep his head down and play good boy when he doesn't deserve to be there in the first place."

"Honestly, a lot of people don't deserve to be in prison, that's why I quit being a prosecutor."

"Isn't there anything more we can do to at least get Dan a more reduced sentence?"

"I've heard some crazy stories in my day, but yours takes the cake. Look, I believe you both, but in the eyes of the law, we just don't have the evidence to do anything more than tell the story. I will do everything I can for Dan, I promise. And I can whittle down *some* of your charges into zero jail time, but honestly it's just a waste of time. Without the information you took from Intervision's mainframe, I can't offer evidence to establish reasonable doubt on the crimes that matter. Your friend Oscar basically never existed, he had no friends or family that we could find. His apartment and his workspace was completely cleared out. Niela's testimony is inadmissible. Intervision's campus was just a corporate campus. All of the evidence, all of the papers, everything says that Onyx is just a research firm. The only link to the 'biological agent' that the FBI has established while working with the CDC is you. You were in all the places where outbreaks occurred and you left the hospital where it started. You have geography, and a lot of state provided evidence, damning you. Mr Franzel and Mr Sunnard might have been diabolical, but they were planning this thing for years. They were careful. They had contingency plans in place. I don't know how, but everything has been covered up."

"So there's nothing."

"There is one thing."

"What?"

"With your permission, I can build a case using the insanity defense. It won't bring much, but it might mean you can serve your term in a slightly more comfortable psychiatric center instead of a maximum security prison."

"Serve my time with the criminally insane?"

"Yes."

"And have my mental state evaluated every year? And be forced to take mind bending substances?"

"Well, it depends on what the facility deems necessary, but yes, it would mean you serve some or all of your time in a psychiatric facility of some sort."

"Can I think about it?"

"Of course."

I can't decide if it's better to be completely loopy for the rest of my life, have my brain drugged out of existence, or if being remanded to a maximum security penitentiary with a bunch of delinquent criminals would be more to my liking. A psychiatric hospital would mean I wouldn't have to feel or think, but it would also mean that I couldn't feel or think. And hanging around every day for the rest of my life with drooling, broken people might be more depressing when I realize that I don't even have control over my own death. Whereas I can certainly get someone to murder me in a federal prison, should the day come when I really just need to be free. At least I'll have something to think about over the next couple of days or weeks until the trial officially starts. Though, I guess, the lawyer is going to need an answer fairly soon. She's taken the case pro bono, so maybe I should just do whatever the easiest thing is and spare her the hassle. I'm fucked anyway. Pleading guilty to everything feels unfair and twisted, but I've hit the point where I'm just straight up resigned. There's nothing left to do, I already tried to provide something that could help us, and now I'm sitting here with the new knowledge that I am just utterly and completely, one hundred percent, fucked. Going to spend the rest of my life in prison.

She starts packing up the papers and smiles at me. I can tell she wants to help me. I can tell she's competent too. After it was deemed that Niela's testimony would be inadmissible, I had signed an affidavit allowing the lawyer to talk about my case with Niela. I don't know if Niela has already heard the news that I'm fucked or not. She should be visiting me soon, but I've lost track of what day she comes. She's been visiting Dan too. At our last visit, she said that she was amazed that Dan was so exactly the same. He told her that he was already starting to figure out how to make "prison hooch". I smile.

"Tell Niela to tell Dan I'm sorry."

"You always end our meetings with that," she says, standing. "And I always do. He knows, and he doesn't think any of this is your fault. You know that too."

She taps on the glass and the door opens. An officer comes in, replaces my handcuffs and stands me up to lead me back to my cell. Not the last cell I'll ever be in, not even close.
