
#Chapter 14


I hear an obscene amount of rattling and banging coming from the kitchen. Slowly it becomes clear to me that I've been woken up by some insensitive bastard who isn't even trying to be quiet despite the fact that I'm still sleeping. My body fills with rage. Then the banging stops for a moment, and I relax back down into my pillow. I drift a bit. It can't be more than a few minutes before the rattling and banging starts again. I look at my phone.

"Oh," I say aloud after realizing it's past noon. I no longer feel the right to be angry at whomever is making noise in the kitchen. We hadn't stayed up all that late. I'd been sleeping for a good twelve hours. I pull on some clothes and head into the kitchen yawning and rubbing my eyes.

"Hey."

"Heeeyyyyy! I know I probably woke you up just now. I was fighting with this 5 Super Max juicer thing."

"What is that?"

"It's the best juicer in the world. It cost like 700 bucks and you can't store it anywhere. My mom bought a juicer at the thrift store for six dollars. It makes better fucking juice."

"So what are you..."

"Oh I'm getting my money back. This is bullshit."

"Where's Dan?" I ask Niela.

"He took off with a four wheeler a couple of hours ago. Said he'd be back for lunch."

"Did he take any snacks with him," I ask.

"Uh, yeah, a trashbag full."

"Ok, so by 'lunch' he means he'll be back sometime while it's still light outside."

"Ha. Ok, well it's light until like 8:30 p.m., so I guess we've got the day to do whatever we like."

Niela looks pleased not to have any plans, and I don't intend to bother her with mine. First, I'm going to relax in the big, triangle shaped bathtub and read one of the novellas from Niela's collection. She has a wide variety of fan fiction to choose from, lovingly printed out in all sorts of qualities from the hardcover special edition to fan fiction printed on an inkjet and stapled together. Niela's bookshelf has them arranged by size, not theme. I start browsing the shelf looking for a book that feels nice in the hand but isn't too long. Luckily, the majority of the exemplars Niela owns are relatively short. 

"You want something to read in the bath?" she asks knowing me well.

"Yeah, I figure while Dan's gone I can get a little R & R."

"You know, I know what R & R means, but I have no idea what it stands for or where it came from," Niela says to no one in particular.

"It means 'rest and relaxation'," I tell her, "and I think it's military slang."

"Oh. That makes sense and isn't as interesting as I thought it would be," she pauses. "Ok, so I recommend you read Donald Duck. It's hilarious."

"Donald Duck?"

"Yeah, it's not about anything that has to do with the cartoon. The main character has been penalized as a flasher because he goes in public only wearing a t-shirt."

"What?" I look at her confused.

"Donald ducking is when someone walks around with a shirt on but no pants or shoes. Anyway, this book is hilarious," she says grabbing it off the shelf. I'm not particularly interested in the synopsis Niela just gave me, but the book is the right size, feels nice in my hand, and I guess I can believe my best friend when she tells me a book is worth reading. 

I take the book to the master bathroom and start running water into the tub. I dump in some bubbles too because, hey, I'm worth it. I'm just sitting on the edge of the tub waiting for there to be enough water to warrant getting in. My thoughts drift to Eric for a moment, and suddenly I'm awash with sadness. I shake it off, determined not to start feeling negative things until there's a reason to do so.

The water is perfectly hot. I start reading Donald Duck.

*He would say it has to do with the way air feels on the back of his legs, but Gabriel has been caught one too many times with his pants down. It started when he was just a teenager. There was an incident at school in which his clothes were taken from him. He walked home that day wearing only a t-shirt. He hadn't felt embarrassed. He did everything he could to curtail the behavior in public. Over the years he switched from tightie whitie underwear to boxers to freeballing in his slacks. He'd gone to therapy before anything bad had happened...* 

I lazed in the bathtub and giggled a little, then washed all my parts. It took me 47 minutes to read the book, and I found it to be the perfect waste of time I wanted it to be. The book followed this completely lovable flasher around. Registered as a sex offender, Gabriel has a hard time making friends or participating in daily life. But he's not a pervert at all, in fact, the character is quite sexually repressed. He also sleep walks, which is how he got on the sex offender list in the first place. He sleepwalked out of his apartment during a midday nap wearing only a t-shirt. 

I wrap my hair in a towel and put on the bathrobe hanging on the back of the door. It smells like fabric softener. I leave the bathroom and plant myself on the couch in the living room. Niela is reading, she just smiles at me and goes back to reading. The doors are open, the California air is blowing around the house. 

As the heat from the bath starts to leave my body, I start thinking about Eric and June. The way I figure it, we had a day of relaxation. It's time to get back to work. I text Oscar.

*Ok, we're settled, what kind of recon have you done on Intervision?* I ask him. Within moments I get an answer.

*Phase One satellite recon complete* I'm happy to hear that Oscar has been working without instruction or explicit direction. 

*Let's call Phase One complete, we don't have time or troops for on-location LASSO*

*10-4, Jacob said the same. Phase documents can be accessed here https://bit.ly/2MdKq1s * The mention of Jacob surprises me. I hadn't thought about the fact that Jacob would be involved, but of course he is. He must be wondering what happened to June and Eric too. I'm not surprised that our directives match, it is relatively rare that Onyx coworkers disagree with each other. When it happened, it was usually because one person had more context than another. 

*You're on Mission HQ?*

*Of course. Mission codename is Operation Knitwear*

*Thanks, we'll reform soon*

I close the secure chat with Oscar and open one to Jacob. "Knitwear", I can't decide if it's an ode to Eric's sweater vests or to Junes overspending on clothing to work the Intervision job.

*On site team prepping Knitwear, request to take command.*

*Well, hello there Disease. Was wondering when I'd hear from you. All's good?* I'm taken by surprise that Jacob answers immediately. I must have caught him with his Onyx phone in his hand, a feat I didn't realize was possible. Jacob stands in the light as the enigmatic genius with Onyx at his back. He isn't often responsive within hours, let alone moments. My gut tells me the disappearance of Eric and June have inspired Jacob to digest the whole of the Intervision file, which means he's up to speed.

*Yeah? Did I get a new codename?*

*Just for this session :)*

*You're filled in.*

*Yeah, command is yours. But send me dailies.*

*You got it.*

*Hey, Disease, be careful out there, this one looks twisted. Mission HQ has your back.* My new codename sounds like a pet name in the moment. It's nice to know he's orchestrated internal support for us, and I feel elated to know that it means we can pretty much do whatever we want. Unless we plan a horribly stupid operation, Jacob's involvement from here on out will be read-only. I wonder if I'll talk to Jacob again before we infiltrate Intervision.

---
"Let me get this straight, Jacob's on board AND Oscar delivered a full satellite LASSO report?"

"That's what I'm saying."

"Well let's get to it then, I'll get snacks." Dan jumps up from the sofa while Niela pulls an easel with a white board in from the garage. I've got printouts of Oscar's recon documents littering the coffee table.

"I'm making nachos! We need brain food for this shit," Dan calls from steps away.

"You don't have to yell," I say, "we're literally right next to you."

"What'd you say Dan?" Niela says in a teasing whisper.

"Oh shut it. Maggie, go ahead and start. Fill Ms Smarty pants in."

I've organized the report and attachments into their five sections. LASSO is the strategy Onyx uses to do site information reconnaissance. Usually, we do a full satellite report and then verify the findings with on-ground stealth recon missions, but for Knitwear, we just don't have the time. We have to hope that nothing much has changed in the thirty-six unverifiable hours since the satellites passed over the site. The hours are unverifiable because while Oscar can see that the pictures are no more than thirty-six hours old, he can't tell whether the images themselves are from yesterday or today. He's delivered two sets for the double S part of the strategy.

The L in LASSO stands for locale, and the report includes maps of the facility and the terrain. Roads, landscape features, entrances and exits are all marked. Additionally this part of the report includes blueprints of all six of the glass encased buildings that make up the Intervision Corporate Headquarters Campus. One of the system maps calls the facility the Intervision Internment Camp, abbreviated IIC, in some sort of sick Silicon Valley joke. We can imagine the types of people who would work for such a company. 

There's nothing particularly spectacular about the delivered maps and blueprints. Everything appears to be like a typical tech company campus. The six glass towers have varying heights and form a partial arch around a large lake. They're circular in shape, the tallest being fifteen stories and the shortest about half the height at seven stories. 

The entire northern part of the campus has a wall around it, behind the lake is a tall fence with barbed wire at the top. For our stealth mission, entrance will likely need to be through the fence, but I refrain from vocalizing decisions while detailing the locale (and the LASSO strategy) for Niela and Dan. The employee and visitor entrances to the facility are separate but located near one another, each with a guard house. The employee entrance has three lanes for magnetic card swipe and two guards in the guard station, while the visitors entrance has only one lane with no automatic entry and four guards. I wonder what Intervision does for entry when they hold large scale events. 

The first building is a recreational building that has the restaurants, gyms, swimming pool and massage parlor. Also included in this building are meditation rooms and some of the company *mechanics* departments. Accounts payable, Human Resources and Marketing employees are located in this building and have the shortest walk to the Trampoline room, a feature I remind myself not to comment out loud on. I can just imagine Dan ruining the whole operation by insisting we visit that particular part of the complex before we've secured the information we're going in for or found Eric and June.

Buildings two, three and four are towers of cubicles, meeting rooms and office space. Each has a cafeteria on the fourth floor for those employees who don't want to pay premium prices for the more gourmet lunch options in Building One. Each also has a gym, but no swimming pools or racket ball courts, those features are also located in Building One. All three of the towers have six elevators, four accessible in the lobbies and two service elevators located near the garage entrances. Garages are separate structures attached to the back of the glass towers. Parking is free.

The fifth and the sixth buildings are our targets. Number six has a helipad on the top, but the satellite photo does not image a helicopter. I make a mental note to check for one when we're there. The blueprints show that these buildings have their towers connected on each floor through building expansions. A pedantic person would argue that these two buildings are actually just one building because the expansion floors weld the two towers together. Dan makes this argument because he is a pedantic person. 

After an annoying discussion, I inform him that we will continue to refer to them as five and six. I convince him that it will help us know which part of the which building we might need to be in.

"Ok, I think floor 9 must be the secure data part of the target," Dan says, studying the blueprint. "Look at this, there's a core to that floor that none of the other floors have."

The blueprint shows a long room in the middle of the ninth floor, accessible by a single entrance on the north side. That room is surrounded by another longer, wider room that has a single entrance on the south side. The rest of the floor looks relatively normal, but the power supply maps show an increased consumption on the entire floor.

"There's probably biometric locks on those doors," Niela says. Dan and I stare at her. "What? I've seen Mission Impossible just like everyone else has."

"Did you know Tom Cruise wears lifts in his shoes because he's so short?" Dan asks.

"Do we care?" Niela shoots back.

All the buildings have front and back doors, exactly 180 degrees apart. The back doors lead to attached parking garages, and the front open onto the cement courtyard that lines the manmade lake. In the middle of the lake is a fountain that sprays water straight up to about four stories tall. 

In the review of the Locale part of the report, I note two strategic questions - the first is whether or not there are any public events planned for the next days, a circumstance that would likely bring more guards and a greater inability to get in and out unnoticed. 

The A in LASSO stands for activity, and is an overview and monitoring of personnel. This part of the report also includes the events calendar, and I'm happy to note that there are no public events for the next eight days. The activity shows the approximate count of total security personnel to be eighty-one. A small army. 

Along with the six entrance security guards, there are two external guards for each building. One security guard is stationed outside at the front of each building. There is another guard for each garage. Inside, each building has a security guard in the lobby who also functions as the lobby greeter, sitting behind a circular desk with video from the cameras in that building.  The smallest building has another three guards, the middle size building another four, the two fifteen story buildings with an extra five security personnel. Buildings five and six have thirty-eight guards together. Three per floor and two guards in the lobby of the expansion, which also has the only entrance to both towers. The garage entrance is straight through the building, so effectively buildings five and six only have two entrances or exits. 

The two Ss in LASSO stand for "scouting". The first S is daytime scouting, the second for nighttime scouting, and both reports detail security positioning for a number of hours. For stealth missions we usually go in at night due to the sheer fact that all corporations and governments use less security at night. More of the security can be handled through computerized entries and exits because there's less of a chance of personnel manipulation if there are fewer personnel on site. Nighttime security, however, is more likely to use randomized positioning patterns, so it's a bit riskier from the hand to hand combat perspective. In Onyx's experience, however, security guards are generally not paid enough to mess with professional infiltration teams.

Every once in a while you'll meet an aggressive former military type who is happy to have anything interesting happen at their previously uneventful place of employment. These people are usually easily subdued with a quiet electroshock and/or a fist to the face. They're mostly made up of hot air and dreams of glory.

Oscar has pulled together satellite images from various timecodes for each of the Scouting reports. The eighty-one guards summarized in the Activity section are mostly during the day. At night, there is just one guard at the gate, six guards patrolling the grounds and two guards inside buildings one through four. Buildings five and six also cut their nighttime staff more than seventy percent. Instead of thirty-eight guards, there is just one in the lobby and another five that patrol the twelve floors. These guards switch stations every hour.

"You guys think that fountain is on at night?" I ask.

Dan flips into the nighttime scouting section of the report and then back to the maps and blueprints. 

"It doesn't say if it is or not anywhere," Dan frowns. "I'll ask Oscar," he says pulling out his phone.

The final report in LASSO, the O, stands for Observation posting. This bit is a detailed observation of the outside perimeter of the Intervision Internment Camp. It includes things like public transportation opportunities within a certain radius and the terrain around the facility. It extends a few hundred yards and points out even minor things like potholes or curbs. 

"Ok," I say. "I think we have to go in through the fence. There's no power to it, so there's no electricity or alarms, and this point here," I point to the eastern side of the fence, "is close enough to our target. All we need are some bolt cutters."

"That slope looks pretty steep," Dan says, studying the perimeter near my selected entry point. "If it's slick, it might be hard to get up."

"Yeah, I know, but we need to park somewhere close by and this access road," I point again, "seems like the best place."

Niela bends over the map. "So basically you guys just make a bunch of guesses and then go out there and wing it?"

"Well, normally we would do an on-site recon mission. We'd make a plan, and then use stealth to verify its viability before executing on it," Dan tells her. "I'm fine with winging it though, don't have any plans coming up."

"Let's make a plan B for exit then," I say.

"Yeah, plan B is just RUN," Dan and Niela both laugh. "Also, Oscar says the fountain is on at all times, including in the darkest of night."

---
"Ok, so we're cutting the fence here. Niela, start a list for supplies."

"We need weapons."

"Dan, calm down, we need our plan first....so we're cutting the fence here. But let's go back, clarify objectives."

We're still poring over the maps. We've talked through all the reconnaissance Oscar sent through and are starting to develop our plan. First, we need to clarify objectives, as I just said. I set the priorities. 

"Priority one is evacuation and recovery of our people," I say. "Subobjective on one should be information gathering. With Eric and June secure, we'll have first hand witness accounts, but we'll need files from Intervision's mainframe." I point to the ninth floor in buildings five and six. "We'll have to jack in here."

Oscar is listening to the conversation. It's about eight in the evening for him, but he doesn't seem to mind. He's on a video conference with a beer and a notepad. He's also wearing a pair of goggles on his forehead.

"What are the goggles for, Oscar?" Dan asks.

"Isn't your beer empty?" Oscar responds.

"Well, shit, yessir it is. Who else needs?" Dan stands up and heads to the kitchen.

"What's second priority?" Oscar asks.

"What's he say?" Dan calls from the kitchen. 

"Second priorities," I say, "are destruction, harassment and diversion. If we're seen, diversion won't be possible unless we get really lucky. Oscar, we're going to need you to take out the cameras for most of the campus."

"I'll kill them all and then spin them up one at a time once you're inside the fence. I'll kill all the security consoles to, so I'll be your only eyes."

"Cool," I say, "so let's start with priority ones." 

"Well first," Oscar reminds us, "KISS principle."

"Yeah," Dan says, "Keep it simple stupid."

For the first priorities, evacuation, recovery, and info gathering, I propose creating a distraction to keep the guards busy. We set small fires in buildings one and two, not big enough to warrant calling the fire department, but enough to garner the attention of the guards from buildings three and four. 

"Molotovs," Dan says, "write that down." Niela diligently takes the note.

I also propose using the water fountain and a kayak,

"A kayak?" Dan asks. "What the fuck are we going to do with a kayak?"

"Distraction."

"Yeah, I got that, now explain how."

Niela, a master kayaker, would kayak out with two kayaks. Dressed in black and careening on her black kayak, I figure she can get to the fountain pretty easily and dump five gallons of dish soap into the spurt. The second kayak, a bright red one, she'd push towards the filtration system. East of the small lake, a large underground pump pulled water into it and runs it through filters to make sure the lake never grows actual plant life. The current caused on top of the water, should be enough that if she pushed the kayak towards it, the kayak would stay in the current and drift from East to West in the dark. She'd be visible in the dim light at the middle of the fountain for a moment, but hopefully the oddity of the red kayak should take the attention away from her so that she can slip back into the shadows. Once there, she'd stay out of the campus near the exit point and wait for us.

"But I want to run around inside!" Niela complains.

"Sorry dude, I'm with Maggie on this one. Your redneck shooting skills don't make you raid ready."

"Don't you think three is better than two on this one?"

"No." Dan and I say in unison. It's not that Niela isn't fit or smart, but she hasn't had the kinds of training Dan and I and all the other Onyx employees have. It's too much of a risk to have her inside the buildings in case we get separated and have to find alternative extraction points.

Dan and I will use night vision binoculars to follow Niela's progress. 

"Do you think we could load a molotov into one of those t-shirt cannons and launch it into a building?" I ask.

"Nah," Oscar says. "Those don't have the range or the force, but points for creativity...actually...wait." Oscar starts typing into his computer. 

"What?" I ask. 

"Well, maybe they do have the range, and maybe we can force the force. They shoot t-shirts into the third section of giant stadiums, right?"

"I don't know, I'm not a fan of organized sports, crowds or stadium security."

"Here, look at this," Oscar puts a link in the chatbox of the video conference. I click it. 

"The Stormshooter, cool name."

"I actually think this could work. But you need to try it out first. That thing will need to shatter reinforced glass, how are we going to accomplish that?"

"Diamond encrusted ball bearings?" Niela says. We all stare at her. "What?"

"Where do you come up with these ideas?" Oscar asks her.

"I took a class last year where we sawed through porcelain with diamond bits. I don't know, I'm making shit up."

"You aren't though," Oscar says. "Look at these," and he sends us another link. Somewhere on the dark web, Oscar has found a store selling marble sized morning stars with diamond encased spikes. The site promises "total obliteration" of bullet proof glass. A ten pack costs four hundred dollars.

"Alright, I'm ordering two tens of these and I'll have one of the Stormshooters sent, it'll be there..." Oscar pauses as he waits for the shipping verification to load, "tomorrow morning by 11am. The morning stars should come by then too. You guys need to go buy two twenty pound CO2 tanks."

"Niela, add the..."

"Yeah, it's done already, thanks."

"Did you hear that Dan?" I ask. He seems to be paying partial attention, enough to ask Niela to add something to our shopping list at least, but I don't know what else he's registered. "Tomorrow we're going to practice shooting Molotovs out of a t-shirt cannon."

"Holy shit that sounds fun!" Says Niela. "But we should probably just shoot bottles with water, right? What if we start a forest fire up here?"

She's got a point there. But we also need to know if the fluid leaks out when we launch the Molotovs. We'll also need to test how many morning stars it takes to shatter a bullet proof glass pane and how close we need to be. I start to wonder if this plan isn't becoming a bit too complicated. 	

"Are we overdoing it?"

"I don't think so, I mean, there's only two and a half of us, we've got to be creative."

"Ok, let's avoid the forest fire thing though," Niela says. "Let's put laundry detergent in the bottles, it's blue so easy to see."

"Yeah, but it's thick, it won't have the same spray pattern as gasoline or alcohol would."

"Well, how about water with food coloring?" 

"I think laundry detergent is fine. If it leaks a little, we'll know the Molotovs will leak a lot. Perfection is the enemy of done," I say. "Let's build a box tomorrow morning."

"A box?" asks Niela.

"Yeah, we'll build a testing box with a reinforced window on the front. Set that thing three or four hundred yards away and then shoot at it with the Stormshooter plus molotov made of laundry detergent and morning stars."

"You guys, I'm so excited about this I can't even remember why we're doing it," Dan laughs.

"Then it sounds like we need a review," I say. "Objective one, priority one, evacuate and recover Eric and June. Objective two, priority one, gather info on the augmented contact lens algorithm and anything about the sickness Harron and the CDC are involved in..."

"I thought info gathering was a sub objective," Dan interrupts.

"Whatever, first our people, second information."

"Ok, what else?" Niela says, taking notes.

"Maggie or Dan is going to break into that room at the core of the ninth floor," Oscar explains. "All they have to do is plug me in, and I'll get the information remotely."

"And how are you doing that?" Niela asks.

"Once I'm plugged in, I'll do some hacker magic," Oscar says. "Oh, and I'll be sending a kit."

"A kit?" Niela is the type of person who needs to understand all the ins and outs.

"A kit," Dan explains, "is some electronic bits and bobs to get us into that room and get the computers on Oscar's screens. So he's going to send us some gel fingerprints or an exploding stopwatch or whatever we need."

"This sounds like Mission Impossible again."

"Yeah, that's why you only get to drive the kayak. Maggie and I know a little too much about being sneaky and wiring and guns and stuff like that."

"Second priorities if we are stealthy enough are destruction and diversion," I say. "You can probably help there, Niela."

"What's that mean?"

"We destroy the computer we manage to get the information from and plant some 'evidence' that some other group is responsible for the destruction."

"What other group?" Niela asks. "What do I have to do?"

"We should blame it on VecoTerrain," Oscar says. 

VecoTerrain is an ecoterrorist group Onyx blames things on from time to time. They also blame things on Onyx from time to time. There are a number of organizations involved in the subversive activism blame circle. It's an interesting anomaly, this blame circle. Without really knowing how it started, there are about twenty different organizations taking or giving credit to each other for a variety of illegal actions.

"Niela, you can leave some stuff in the red kayak and push a button for me from a burner phone so I can concentrate on the mainframe," Oscar offers.

"Yeah," says Dan, "VecoTerrain is a good pick, they like to start fires and the kayak thing sounds like one of their stupid pranks."

"Isn't it wrong to blame this on another activist group?" Niela asks.

"Nah, VecoTerrain is a bunch of vegan terrorist luddites that have been blaming a bunch of their dumb and ineffective actions on Onyx lately," Dan says. "Fuck em', they deserve it."

"You really dislike vegans, don't you Dan?" I ask.

"Only the ones who try to make me feel guilty about eating a piece of cheese."

The rest of the evening we look at blueprints and study where cameras are and the movement of the security personnel. We decide that we'll go in early Saturday morning, around 4am. It gives us all of Friday to gather our supplies, test our Stormshooter, and otherwise finish preparations. We'll also be able to get a few hours of sleep.

We stop chatting about the mission around 10 p.m. and thank Oscar for staying up with us. He put together his kit as we were planning and contacted a cargo flight crew member to arrange a drop off. Before he can sleep, Oscar needs to deliver his kit to the airfield. Luckily, it's only a fifteen minute drive, so he'll be home and in bed before two am. The flight will arrive at the Oakland airport at 9:55 a.m., and from there an intern from Niela's company will pick it up and deliver it to the Hollow. Niela has arranged that as well.

The post will deliver the Stormshooter and morning stars around 11am. The intern will arrive with the kit around 12:15 p.m. Niela will wait for those packages while Dan and I head to the hardware store for reinforced glass and gasoline. Then we'll hit the clothing supply store for appropriate raid clothing – black cargo pants and fitted, plain black tops.  Bolt cutters and the supplies we need to build our test box are in Niela's shed. We will each carry a 9mm with a silencer. There are five versions of this weapon in Nathan's gun safe, to which Niela knows the combination. When Dan questions why Nathan has not only five handguns but also five silencers, Niela shrugs.

"Haven't you ever been to a gun convention? Buy four get one free, who can resist?"

After we've packed up the LASSO papers and packaged them for burning, we pour three double shots of whisky. We drink them slowly and quietly, then we say our goodnights and go to our respective beds.
