I'm laying in a hospital bed after an emergency tonsillectomy. As a child, having your tonsils removed is no big deal, but as an adult it's a bit of a shit storm. When I came in, it was almost too late, an abscess on my right tonsil was infected with some sort of plague. It was eating quickly into my lymph nodes, and the doctors figured the best thing to do was cut it out. Fast. I was fully conscious when I signed the form. Ten minutes later I was in a hospital gown and parked in a yellow hallway. The scrub nurse asked me when I had last eaten. 

“Two days ago,” I wasn't lying, I had been forgetting to eat lately, and my ribcage was evidence. 

“Well, usually that’s not such a good thing, but at the moment, that's quite convenient. I'm just going to put this butterfly needle into your hand, look away, ok?” I didn't look away. I never look away from needles. I like needles. I like what it means if you have a needle being put into one of your veins. It means drugs are coming. Some sort of external medication will be flowing into you shortly. At that moment, I knew it would be surgical grade narcotics. I was already dreaming of opiates. 

The nurse pushed me down the hall into the operating room. Other nurses hooked me up to electrodes. I said “I'm a computer person, I quite like all of these cables.” No one laughed.

“We're all set,” one of the nurses said to the surgeon. 

He looked at me, “Are you ready?” 

“Do I have a choice?” Again, no laughter. 

“Goodnight sweet lady,” the nurse said as he pushed the drugs into me. I didn't want to sleep. The narcotics washed over me and I felt that feeling of relief I hadn't felt in years. That thick, warm blanket of opiates. That trusted numbness. I didn't want to sleep.

“Wow, most people would be out by now,” I heard echo through the chamber that used to hold my brain. 

“Should we give her more?” 

“No, she'll go, just give it a minute.” And then that minute came.

When I woke up, four scrub nurses were watching over me in the “Wake Up Room”. I had read the name of the room while I was parked in the yellow hallway. I thought it showed lack of creativity. The nurses weren't watching over me so much as standing next to me. I was just another patient. Just floating through. I would be taken to the recovery ward soon, no connections to be made. They were younger than I was, I'm sure of it. I was groggy.

“Welcome back,” said the only female. She had red hair and a nice round, plump face. She wasn't plump, just her childish cheeks. She felt alone there, always having to play with the boys. I wanted her to like me. 

“I don't feel quite right.”

“On a scale of one to ten, ten being the most severe, how's your pain level?”

“8 and a half,” I was lying. My pain level was much less, but I wanted more drugs. I like hospital grade opiates, and I'd stopped using drugs recreationally, so this was sort of a free for all. I got to take drugs and not feel guilty about it. A little white lie so that I could get rid of the pain and enjoy myself wasn't a bad thing. Not in my opinion. She wrote it down on her pad and then switched out the narcotics bottle flowing into my butterfly needle. I felt the surge immediately. I tried not to smile.

I floated in and out of consciousness for a while, and then they took me upstairs to the Recovery Ward. 

Now I'm here. I've been here for five days. They don't want to let me out until the biopsy comes back. They haven't seen that sort of self mutilating cell before. They don't know if I'm contagious. They don't know if it's elsewhere in my body. 

About six people have visited me from work, but no one I really like. They all brought cheesy “Get Well Soon!” cards. I always wondered about the exclamation point at the end of “Get Well Soon”. Did someone think that that little marker of enthusiasm would facilitate in the curing of what ails? I can understand it on a birthday card, I guess. For some reason those cards are really bothering me.

I've been having a lot of tests. The nurse comes in and says something cryptic, which I don't understand. She then puts a needle in my belly and injects me with something. I've been getting meds every two hours. After the surgery, the meds were good. I got high. But now they've become rather boring. They switched from the fun drugs to the standard ones, and I'm anxious to leave. Yesterday I asked if I could leave. 

Two nights ago, I coughed up blood. A lot of blood. I spit it into a paper towel for a while before informing a nurse. I wanted to choke on my own blood. I'd never done that before. Even when I'd gotten into fights, my opponents always stopped beating me up before I had to choke on my own blood. I sat up in my bed feeling a long thread of bloody mucus tickling the back of my throat. In the seconds between bouts of coughing, I could feel that thread vibrating. It was such a curious feeling. When I informed the nurse and showed her handfuls of bloody paper towels, she asked me why I didn't use my call button. That was her reaction. “Why didn't you use your call button?” 

Blood was dripping from my chin. There was blood in my mouth. My hospital issued pajamas were splattered like Jeffery Dahmer’s basement. The nurse acted like she didn’t even notice. She just cleaned me up, inserted a new butterfly needle, and called the doctor who had done my surgery.  

The scabs make my mouth taste like old cheese. I've coughed up a few of them. Greenish-yellow patches of goo that slither into the drain when I spit them into the sink. I've been spitting a lot lately, my saliva slithers like the scabs. Slow at first and then when it hits the drain the weight of the matter already pulled in causes the back part of the goo to move more quickly. 

I don't eat much, but it doesn't mean that I'm not hungry. The hospital brings me trays of saltless food. Today I have three pieces of stale bread, a single serving of butter, strawberry jelly, some hazelnut paste and a bit of liverwurst. I hate meat paste. Spreadable meat of any kind makes me want to vomit. I take the liverwurst and squish it onto the underside of the bed. I smile when I think of it rotting there. It will take them forever to figure out what's rotting. It's a hospital, everything smells like rot. 

There's a knock on the door. “Come in,” I mumble as my mouth is filled with bread. I've used half the butter and half the strawberry jam. It's still a challenge to open my mouth, so I have to slide the bread in at a perfect angle to get it through the hole.

“The chief doctor would like to see you now,” the nurse informs me. 

I walk to the front office, where the doctor is checking over the patients in his wing. This is the ear, nose, and throat section. This is where they cut off ears and noses and slice people's throats open.

There's an infant with half a nose. His twin brother looks fine. As the nurse passes she looks in, “How's the little guy doing?” The parents smile, they don't look concerned. But their kid looks like his nose got bitten off by a rabid squirrel. He'll never look normal. Even with a fake nose, the kid is doomed to a life of second looks. Those fucking parents don't even care, they're smiling about it.

“Miss? The doctor will see you now.”

I walk into the doctors office. He has two examining chairs. Why? He can't look at two people at the same time. Everything is clean and symmetrical. 

“Yesterday you begged to leave,” he says, as if he had been there.

“Yes, I'm sick of this place, I want out now.”

“You can't leave until we find out if whatever it was in your tonsil has spread into your body. We hope we got it, but we can't be sure until the biopsy comes back. We took as much of the tissue as we could.”

“Well, you can send me the results, I can return if it's not gone.”

“Yes, well the problem is, we don't know if you are contagious.”

“Has anyone here gotten sick?”

“No, but we don't know how long you carried the virus before you got sick.”

“Yes, so doesn't it stand to reason, that I could have been carrying it for years and the whole fucking world is already sick and keeping me here is useless any damn way?”

“We can't let you go.” Of course they can't. It's always the same with authorities. They have their rules to follow, and none of them are rule breakers. They do what they are supposed to do whether it negates rhyme or reason or otherwise. I am not a fan of authority.

“Well, let's take a look at least, see how you're healing,” the doctor presses his metal tongue depressor onto my tongue, “just relax,” he tells me. “Did you have carrots for dinner?”

I'm surprised at the question. Yes, I had had carrots for dinner, but how could he possibly know that?

“Uh...yes...” I answer, questioningly, expecting an elaboration from him.

“Just a little stuck there,” he smiles at me. I try not to laugh, but imagine how disgusting it must be to look down a patients throat and see not only the nearly liquid scabs from surgery, but also food stuck in those scabs. Food from yesterday, food from last night. The scab growing around the food.

The doctor takes a small vacuum from his toolkit and sucks out the carrot. He pulls the tiny vacuum out of my mouth with the carrot still stuck to it. 

“I'm so sorry!” I sputter, but the doctor just waves the apology away. I'm annoyed at his reaction. I've apologized, I want vindication that that was the right thing to do. Why wasn’t he revolted by what had just happened? 

“Don't worry about it, those scabs get sticky. Your wounds look good, but you'll have to stay until the biopsy comes back, for your own good.” 

“And how long might that be?”

“Not more than a couple of weeks.” Inside, I flip out, start yelling about this not being prison and such, but my visible reaction is a simple nod. I have no intention of staying here for two more days, let alone two more weeks. 


I don’t really have any family, but I have friends. I have a home and pets and a job. I have a pretty typical, every day kind of life. But lately, I've been thinking about escaping. As if I am trapped. 

There’s just something about the work-a-day world that has been getting to me lately. Everyone has been walking around as if their lives are carved into stone. It’s been a long time since I’ve seen anyone make a brash decision. Everyone does what they’re told. I hate that about the world. 

I was on a business trip in Malaysia when I first noticed the abscess. My right lymph-node was swollen after a presentation at one of the big Asian technology conventions. We were in town presenting a white paper on sustainable business, that was our cover story anyway. I was really hijacking the speech and presenting our solution to the corporate overtake of the World Wide Web.

I work for a company called Onyx. To the public, we present ourselves as a technology research firm looking into augmented reality, touch technology, and geo-locative identity mapping. We don’t actually do any of those things. The CEO, Jacob Sunnard, had been a guerrilla marketer and a punk in his previous life. He fell in love with communication, the very human act of communication. He’d started Onyx to protect the people from the online hijacking of their communications and data. Onyx makes money as a consulting firm. We do underground consulting for underground organizations trying to make a difference in the world of technology. If Jacob agrees with the politics of an organization, we’ll get involved. 

Onyx approaches organizations that would benefit from our particular expertise and be accepting of our particular methods. No organization has ever turned us away. Ever. We’ll help with online security, audience acquisition, targeted campaigning, and various MNBL (“might not be legal”) activities. 

We also go around to conferences and talked about the “thievery of mind” or the “capitalization of the soul” because Jacob likes messing with people. Onyx has six employees whose sole job is to write and submit white papers to conferences. Once a paper is accepted, the rest of us research the attendees of the conference and work out which of our messages will make them the most uncomfortable.

I love my work. It allows me to pretend that I’m an activist. Lately though, I feel like I don’t make a difference at all. 

I was in Kuala Lumpur with my colleague, Dan, a short, dumpy party guy. His receding hairline and bargain basement clothes were oblivious to him. He was an arrogant, psychotic son-of-a-bitch and one of the only people in our office I could stand. Other than Dan, Jacob and Eric, I didn’t really like my colleagues. It’s not that they weren’t nice. Most of them were nice, but they were also way too politically correct. They were always looking around before they said anything even slightly off color. Their humor was lacking, and I found myself having to curb my speech. Dan just didn’t give a fuck. He was good at his job, and he had fun with his life. Everyone in the office considered him the drunkard, the village idiot. But he got shit done.

We got to KL the same day I got a visit from Aunt Flo. That’s always happening to me. I go away, and I get my period or I get sick, and I spend my time noting where the bathrooms are and looking for drug stores. The night before my presentation I had cramps. Really bad cramps. I went wandering about looking for a pharmacy instead of practicing and polishing my presentation. 

I’d given versions of this presentation several times before, so I wasn’t really worried about embarrassing myself. I just happen to suffer from a little bit of performance anxiety, and when I give a presentation I wanted to “be on rails”. I’d learned about being on rails from my last lover. Our relationship last three hours. He said you just say your speech out loud ten times, and then you’ll “be on rails”, unable to be sidetracked from your purpose. 

The next morning the cramps were better thanks to a very nice young lady at the pharmacy who knew exactly which pill to give me. I awoke feeling pretty good about myself. I put on a dress and my new suit jacket and made myself look respectable.

Dan and I took a cab to the convention. 

“You look rested, nice dress.”

“Yeah, this is my ‘look-at-me-I’m-all-grown-up’ outfit.”

“I’m pretty glad they decided to send you instead of that stuck up bitch June Kim. She is totally not fun. Buzz killll,” Dan had a cappuccino in one hand and his smartphone in the other. “Did you see that story about the baby goats in Seattle?”

“What? What are you talking about?”

“Yeah, dude. They found a bunch of abandoned baby goats walked around in some ritzy suburb. They were all starving and whatnot.”

“Why does this matter?”

“They. Found. Baby. Goats. Wandering. Around. In. A. Fucking. Suburb!” Dan speaking was like watching game shows on television. He was always animated, very gestural. His mannerisms reminded me of epilepsy, “It’s pandemonium out there. The people are going nuts.”

I had the feeling we were going to get into a deep economic discussion if I didn’t change the subject.

“You know that guy who works in management, Eric?” Dan knew who I was asking about, the three of us had hid from Random Coworker’s retirement party a couple months ago. We’d slipped into the handicap bathroom on the second floor and smoked a spliff. We had briefly considered going back to the party so that we could have some cake, but changed our minds after realizing that we were all bonkers high. Ever since then, Eric and I have been exchanging this look.

“Yeah, I like that guy. A couple days ago, I saw him spill soup on his crotch and totally just not give a shit.”

“Exactly, well he told me to find this guy, Scott Spencer. He was like ‘Tell him you're friends with me, then tell him you're really good friends with Jacob. Be effusive about your like for me in particular. He hates us both. It’ll amuse me to hear about your interaction.’”

“That guy is fucking cool.”

“I know, you gotta help me find this Scott Spencer guy. If he hates Eric and Jacob, we can probably make him hate us too.” 

“That sounds like a fun game.”

As we pulled up to the convention center, Dan pulled out a mini flask. “It’s just two swigs, but it’s enough to calm the jitters.”

I tossed back the flask, at nine in the morning. “Thanks,” I said after waiting for the last drop to glide from the rim and fall into my mouth.

“Asshole, I wanted the second one.”

The first couple of hours, we just schmoozed around. I did the networking thing, talked about our mission statement, explained our current projects and markets. I made up thirty different lies, and no one knew the difference. Part of my job was just to talk people into corners. I’d gotten pretty good at it over the years. Really, it’s all about reading people. Everyone has their nuances, their tells, that are ready to be exploited. 

To get a job at Onyx, you have to be more than meets the eye. All interviewees have an interview with HR, and those that fulfill the basic requirements go to Jacob’s house for dinner. It is part of the interview process. Jacob uses that dinner to get an idea about your character. Basically, he gets you drunk on expensive wine and then talks to you about any and everything that comes into his head. Your conversational skills, sarcasm, irony, wit, ability to hold your alcohol – these things are on display, and Jacob makes an assessment of your character based on that one evening. Afterwards, there’s another interview with Jacob’s right-hand man, Eric. Eric never interviewed me though. Jacob hired me twenty minutes after I arrived at his house.

Everyone had on name tags, so Dan and I branched out to look for Scott. I found him at the OmniGreen Technology booth. Scott stood as if he wear balancing his asshole just above a poison tipped spear. His crisp suit, cufflinks, and penny loafers led me to believe he wasn’t interested in OmniGreen’s efforts to recycle old hardware and build robots that would tend to our agricultural needs. I texted Dan our location.

As I eavesdropped on the conversation, I listened to Scott sarcastically explain to the OmniGreen people what a “scrapyard artist” was and how fucking stupid they are. Before he could cause those poor hippies to cry, I tapped him on the shoulder.

“Hi, Scott Spencer?” 

“Well, hello missy. How can Scott be of service to,” he grabbed my name tag, “Ms. Maggie Lawson?” He was undressing me with his eyes and his tongue was hanging out of his mouth. 

“Oh, I work with Jacob Sunnard and Eric Murphy over at Onyx. They were talking about the AR company you’re on the board of, and I was just looking to hear some more. You know Jacob and Eric? They’re great guys.”

Dan slid in beside me, picking up the thread. “Hey Maggie, were you just talking about Jacob and Eric? I just watched Jacob’s SARDAN 2011 webinar. He’s so brilliant.”

“Yes, I was just telling Scott here how much I like them. I heard Eric was responsible for getting gaming consoles in all our conference rooms.”

Scott studied Dan and me for a moment, and then his vacant look brightened a little. “Oh yes, Jacob and Eric. I haven’t seen them in ages. Did Eric get demoted yet for being a dumb ass?” Dan and I look at each other, trying hard not to smile. “No, but seriously! Both of them are just the cat’s meow. What are you? Their fucking fan club?”

“No, no. They’re just, you know, cool is all. They were talking about the new augmented contact lens you guys are creating. All of us were talking about changing our eyes to be that scary violet color from Children of the Corn.”

“That’s the kind of stuff you talk about over at Onyx. I mean, I knew you guys were weird, but come on!”

Dan had a new coffee in his hand. It must have been his forth one already, and it was only ten-thirty. “Oh, Scott. We’re just happy to work for an organization that has more than three weeks vacation a year, and healthcare that takes care of our health. Nice scarf, by the way.” 

“Anyway,” I broke in, “I just wanted to let you know that we, and by we I mean mainly me and Eric, are really excited about the developments,” I knew that Scott Spencer and his company weren’t any closer to solving the spatial issues inherent in the project than anyone else.

“Well, yes, we’re definitely lightyears ahead of the competition,” in Scott’s mind, Onyx was the competition.

“Ok. Well. It certainly was nice meeting you, shall I tell Eric and Jacob you said ‘hi’?”

“Oh, yes absolutely you should. Just give them a big ol’ hug from me,” Scott smirked and walked away.

“Wait, are you serious!?” I yelled out after him. It wasn’t a brilliant interaction by far, but the mention of Eric had certainly changed Scott’s demeanor. Still, I dreaded calling Eric and telling him it was an anti climatic exchange.

When the keynote started after lunch, I was already ready to leave. There were three people speaking before me. I just sort of zoned out for all of their presentations. There were too many interesting characters in the room to look at. I felt like I was watching a Discovery Channel special on dork fashion. After my presentation, Dan came over and handed me a celebratory Mai Tai. They didn’t even have a bar at the convention.

“Where’d you get this?”

“Don’t worry about it, I got it from someone who knows that these conventions are fucking boring.”

“Someone you know?”

“That guy, over there,” Dan pointed to a tall Asian fellow with a suspiciously large backpack. “He’s the party brigade.”

I studied the guy for a moment. Then I took a big swing of the drink. It was delicious. Dan and I got wasted sucking down Backpack Mai Tais. When Dan’s wasted, he gets belligerent. He started telling people how boring and common they were. At some point a security guard tried to throw us out. Dan just laughed and said, “Yeah, you want us to leave? Face!” and then turned around and walked back into the crowd.

After Dan had successfully pissed off every one he came into contact with, we decided we should head down to the Blue Elephant for something a little stiffer than a Mai Tai. Dan was more than laced, and I was well on my way to being too fucked up to stand. At three am, Dan was facedown on a dance floor, and I was trying to convince the club bouncer that he didn’t need to call the cops. I had to drag Dan outside and throw him into a cab.

When we got back to the hotel, Dan and I stumbled into the elevator. The cab ride had sobered him up enough to fall into walls. Dan slept next to my room in the hallway, and I slept with my head in the toilet. A few hours later, Dan pounded on the door and we both moved to the bed. We started making out, and eventually had awkward, drunk, disgusting sex. I remember waiting for it to be over, but kind of into it at the same time. Afterwards, we both passed out.

When I awoke, Dan was missing, and I had this horrible pain in my throat accompanying the after-drinking-shame. I thought the sore throat was just a remnant from smoking, drinking, and talking too much. I felt like shit, but was supposed to be meeting and greeting some people at the convention. I was already extremely late. 

After a thorough shower, I decided to walk to the convention center. It was about a thirty minute walk, but I needed coffee and a bit of time to collect myself. Dan was no where to be found.

As I walked through the streets of Kuala Lumpur, I wasn’t registering any of the things going on around me. I had a single focus: Don’t get fired for being a drunken idiot. I wasn’t even completely sure if anyone knew I wasn’t doing my job at the moment. I didn’t know what was going on, I was still wasted. I finally found a coffee three blocks from the convention center and quickly sucked it down. Then I stood there in front of the café and put on my happy face.

As the day progressed, my throat started to feel tighter and tighter. At around six in the evening, I was feeling so knocked out that I could barely stand. I still hadn’t seen Dan, and he wasn’t answering his messages. I took a cab back to the hotel and twenty-nine hours later, I was awoken by a banging on my door. 

“What the fuck have you been doing?” Dan came into the room and set a half empty bottle of vodka on the table. He kicked off his shoes and slumped into a chair.

“What time is it?”

“It’s fucking eleven pm on Wednesday! I’ve been banging on your door all day. Did you take some of those knock out drugs or what? And what the fuck is that on your neck?”

My throat was hurting more than it had when I went to sleep. As I grabbed at my neck, I felt a golf ball sized growth on the right side.

“Oh Christ! What is that!?”

“I’ve never seen something that gross,” Dan laughed.

“It’s not oozing or anything, it’s just a swollen lymph-node. It’s really swollen. Do me a favor, look down my throat, it feels like I’m swallowing thumbtacks.”

“I’m not getting near your mouth. Here, drink this,” Dan handed me the half empty bottle of vodka. “It helps.”

I had just slept twenty-nine hours and everything had gotten worse, so I took the vodka. What harm can a little joy juice do when you’re already nearly dying.

Two days later, I was still drunk as we went to the airport to catch the flight back home. The stale, sticky air in the smoking lounge smelled a little like Tabasco sauce.

“…And those bitches just kept hobbin the knob if you know what I’m saying,” Dan was saying. I hadn’t heard the beginning of the story. I was still eating glass, and my mouth tasted like the sewage water running down the streets in Kuala Lumpur’s market streets. 

“I think I need a doctor,” I barely whispered.

“Yeah, well, we’ve got twenty minutes to board our flight, so first you’ll have to haul ass.”

“Oh, fuck.” I hadn’t been paying attention to the clock. I was in no condition to run, but the thought of spending another day here when all I wanted was a doctor, a Western doctor, was motivation enough for me to sling my laptop over my shoulder and run to the gate.

When we arrived they were about to pull the door closed. Dan didn’t even pull out his ticket as he raced through the door. “Two more passengers!” He was yelling down the jetway. From behind the gate operator was screaming at us. I pulled Dan to a stop, grabbed his ticket and turned around and breathlessly presented them to the operator. 

“Sorry, we have to catch this flight!” Annoyed the gate operator nodded and then let me pass.

When we got to the plane, the flight attendant looked sideways at us. Then she realized we were first class passengers and changed her demeanor. “Oh, we’re so glad to have you on board! That was a close one,” her left eye hung ever so slightly lower than her right eye, and her pulled back hair pulled her face muscles making her look slightly waxy.

“I want a martini with an extra bottle of gin,” Dan told her as he swung into his seat.

“Yes sir, anything for you ma’am?” 

“I’ll have a vodka with Ginger Ale, another blanket, and two aspirin.”

“Right away.” As the flight attendant turned to leave, Dan was staring at her legs.

“What do you think happened to her?”

I leaned over the aisle to take a look at what Dan was talking about and noted the large, crescent shaped scar covering her calf. “I don’t know, shark bite?”

Dan laughed for a minute and then pushed his call button. Another flight attendant was immediately at his side. “I’ve been sitting here for forty-five seconds! Where’s my booze!?” The flight attendant apologized and then scurried away.

“Jesus Dan, do you have to be such an asshole?”

“I never get to fly first class, I’m getting my money’s worth.”

“It’s not your money.”

“No matter.”

The flight attendant arrived with our requests. I chased the aspirin down with the vodka Ginger Ale. I held my breath as we took off. Before we stopped ascending, I was already done with my drink.

“Hey! Get mi Amiga another vodka Ginger Ale!” 

“You know, Dan, I can order my own drinks,” I didn’t really want another drink until it arrived seconds later. 

I took a sip and then nestled back into my oversize, first class seat. I thought about all the poor saps back in coach with their knees up against the seat. I thought about how every single time I’d ever flown, I had to walk through first class and watch the rich fucks get served mimosas and little hot towelettes. I thought about how angry it made me to be squished in economy class with the sniveling fat guy on my left and the redneck kid blasting country music from his headphones on my right. That kid should have been deaf, I could understand every lyric. I thought about that one time in particular when there were two babies on the plane, and neither one of them liked flying very much. They cried and cried, and I remember having really mean, unnatural kinds of thoughts. I felt bad about it immediately afterwards, but the thoughts were there. That was the same transatlantic flight when the old guy sitting behind me coughed on my hair all night long. 

I took another sip of the vodka and then smiled to myself. “Suckers,” I thought. 

“So, uh, that was fun the other night,” Dan was starting to settle in. 

“What the drunk fucking or the psychotic rampage that came before it?”

“Both, that was just fun. You don’t, uh, you aren’t…”

“Dan, we both had drunk sex, I’m sure it was good in the moment, but we should probably just forget about it before I throw up.”

“I was thinking exactly the same thing. Not that you weren’t great or anything it’s just…”

“Trust me, I know. Let’s pretend it never happened.”

“Deal. We can still be friends though, right?”

“Oh for Christ’s sake, are you serious?”

“Good, that’s what I thought.”

I covered myself up and went to sleep. I didn’t awake for the entire flight. When we landed, Dan punched me to wake me up. 

“I’ve never seen anyone sleep like that. I could have had my way with you and you never would have noticed.”

“You know, I could file sexual harassment charges on you,” I said.

“Yeah, but you won’t. I know you’re a sick fuck, even if you are a girl.” 

I swallowed as I closed my eyes. I’d never had that kind of pain in my throat before, and I’d always been prone to getting strep. It was as if jagged teeth were sawing through my trachea, as if my esophagus was being cleaned with a steel scouring pad. The breathing was starting to get tight, and I fantasized about not waking up again.

In the airport, I was feeling dizzy. I just wanted to sleep some more, even though I’d been sleeping much of the last several days. The flight was direct, but still nineteen hours. I had slept through all of it. At the baggage carousel, I gathered my bags, told Dan I’d see him later, and then grabbed a taxi. When I got home, I threw my bags on the floor. I popped another two aspirin and then went to sleep. It was too late in the day to go see my doctor anyway. His walk-in hours are only until nine-thirty on Sundays. I don’t know why he has hours on Sundays at all.


I woke up at ten-thirty. “Goddamnit!” I said out loud. My doctor’s office wasn’t far away, but I’d just slept another nineteen hours. The thing on my neck was now the size of a baseball, regulation size. I skipped the shower after seeing the abscess. I just threw on some clothes and headed towards the doctor.

When I arrived, the waiting room was full. I waited at the reception desk behind two other patients. I was feeling inpatient, but also too sick to cause a fuss. 

“I need your chip card,” the nurse said without looking away from her computer screen. I handed her the card. “What can we help you with today?” She still wasn’t looking at me. 

“Uh, I don’t think I can wait,” I said.

“We’re going as fast as we can,” the fucking bitch still wasn’t looking at me.

“No, really, look at me – I don’t think I can wait.” With an audible and annoyed sigh, she finally looked up. Her annoyance gave way to horror as her eyes scanned the abscess, red and pulsating, on the side of my neck. She trembled as she reached for the phone.

“Doctor Ratowski, we have an emergency. I’m not sure, it could be. I don’t know. No,” she hung up the phone. “Go through that door,” she pointed down the hallway. When I got to the door, I knocked. In the seven seconds it took for the doctor to say “Come in,” in a thick Russian accent, I thought about all the seniors in the waiting room. Just sitting there, waiting to die while some jerk with a leather jacket on came in and cut ahead of all the wait time. I seriously doubt they sat there thinking, “Oh, she must really be sick!” I wonder if they even noticed, the clock above the doorway wasn’t moving anyway, they were probably just dazed out, old people. 

I walked into the tiny office and sat down. The doctor was fairly young. I looked around for a second and noticed that there was absolutely nothing in the room. There was a desk with a single pad of Post-It notes, a telephone, a computer monitor, a printer, two pens, and one of those really big desk calendars, which was completely blank. On the wall was token hotel art of a dew drop, and there were six fat medical books on the bookshelf. Other than that, there was nothing. No trashcan, no coat rack, no personal items of any kind. 

“We need to take a look down your throat,” he announced as his eyes fell on the baseball attached to my neck. I stood up, and he grabbed a tongue depressor from his drawer. 

“Ahhh…” I said.

“Don’t say ‘ahh’,” the doctor said patiently. He looked down there for a long time as I stared at a tiny water stain on the ceiling. 

“Ok. Why didn’t you come to see me sooner?”

“I just got back in the States yesterday. I was in Kuala Lumpur on business, and I didn’t want to see a doctor there.”

“How long have you been experiencing symptoms?” He was leaning back in his big leather chair, writing in a leather bound book. 

“I don’t know. About four days, I guess.” I was trying to remember Kuala Lumpur. I’d been drunk. I had no idea how long I slept or how long it took us to get back to the States. I was still trying to calculate however many days it had been when the doctor said, 

“Well, it looks like one serious abscess,” he picked up the phone. “We’re going to have to get you to a hospital right away. It has to be cut open so that you don’t lose your ability to breathe.” There was a hospital next door, I figured I could just wander over. The doctor garbled doctor-speak into the phone and then hung up. 

“So I can just head over to the emergency room, or what?” His impersonal office was starting to get to me, and I didn’t like the idea of having surgery. 

Besides, I love my job, and even though I’ve been feeling inconsequential lately, I didn’t want to miss two weeks of work.

“You’re going to need to go to the hospital over in Harron. They have the best ear, nose, and throat specialists in the state. Do you have someone to take you, or should I call an ambulance? You need to go right away.”

“It’s alright, I live a few blocks away. I’ll make it there.”

“You need to go right away,” the doctor was looking me right in the eye. 

“Yeah. I got it. Thanks.” With that I stood up and left the office. I didn’t even pay attention to the geezers on the way out. 

Of course I didn’t rush home, hop in the car, and drive straight to the hospital. I figured they would have forced me into an ambulance if I really had to go “right away”. I meandered home. Then I poured myself a drink. This sort of situation called for Tequila. After three shots, the abscess was the backdraft of the fire in my throat, and I was ready to turn myself in to the hospital. 
