On the way out of the office, Eric grabs keys to one of the black A6s. We head downstairs and out into the parking lot.

“Let me drive,” I say. I love to drive. I don’t do it much because my life doesn’t require a car very often. I don’t even own one. I’m happy with my bicycle and public transportation, but I love to drive when the opportunity presents itself.

“No way, I’m driving.” Eric rides a bike to work too. I can only assume he feels the same way about driving as I do.

“Let me drive!” 

“Not on your life.” I give up and let Eric unlock the passenger-side door for me. Eric screeches out of the parking lot and barrels down Fifth like he’s being chased by the cops. On the way to Chestnut Avenue, I think about the moments we’ve shared over the past few months, but the warmness of those thoughts are clouded by my impending death. I’m hoping that Ms. Fordson already knows everything I need to know, but I’m not expecting it. Eric and I don’t talk much on the ride over. A few phrases back and forth, but mostly we are both preoccupied.

When we come to Chestnut Avenue, I wonder why I’ve never been in this neighborhood before. The tiny houses all look the same, except for the color and the amount of random garden figurines decorating the front yard. All the houses are slightly run down, and there is no one to be seen. The lawns are not mowed. The fences have missing fenceposts. The mailboxes are broken. The driveways are made from cement instead of asphalt, and the entire neighborhood screams “average”. The people that live in this neighborhood are average people who have average relationships in average lives.

“Here we are,” Eric says as he swings the A6 into one of the driveways. “She’s not working until later, I checked her schedule. I hope she’s home.”

We climb out of the car and walk up the driveway. I bypass the doorbell and knock three times. A woman comes to the door. I see her face through the window. She looks a little surprised. She opens the door but remains behind the screen door. The woman is slightly heavyset, but with a round, friendly face that makes me believe she would bake cookies for me if I asked her.

“Can I help you?” she asks.

“Bethany? Bethany Fordson?” Eric always takes command. It’s another thing I like about him.

“Yes?”

“Can we come in?”

“Who are you?” Bethany looks a little frightened. Her friendly face shows concern, like we’re about to beat her up and take her garden gnomes.

“We’re from Onyx, we’d like to talk to you.”

“Onyx? That sounds familiar,” Bethany stares through us trying to remember why she might have visitors from Onyx on her doorstep. “Come on in, I guess.”

We step through the doorway and claustrophobia overcomes me. Bethany’s walls, ceilings, and floors are covered with knick-knacks and trinkets. Books, sculptures, candles, and a thousand different blankets, pillows, and photographs cover every surface. I look at some of the books on her shelves, and realize that Bethany, the janitor, has two lives. Her collection of French literature alone indicates that the woman is in no way a simpleton.

“Can I get you something to drink?” She asks as she clears two spaces on the overstuffed sofa.

“No. Thank you, we’re fine.” I assume Eric doesn’t want anything and don’t bother waiting for him to answer the question himself. Bethany takes a seat on the chair across from us.

“So, what can I help you with?”

“Well, you work at Harron Medical Center, correct?”

“Yes?”

Eric takes the lead from me. “We work for a company called Onyx. You spoke with some of our representatives a while back at a World for Web rally.”

The look on Bethany’s face goes from fear to understanding. “Ahh, yes,” she smiles, “I was quite taken with your people.”

“Well, at the time they told you that we would like to use you as a thought contractor.”

“Yes, but I thought it was a joke. They told me they would pay me for ‘information’, but I don’t know anything valuable.”

“We think you might, and if you don’t, we think you might be able to gather some. We’re willing to pay for it.” Eric doesn’t even wait to see if she offers to collect information for free. 

“What exactly are you looking for?”

“We need information on the staff member deaths, the quarantine, and the murder that have happened the last couple of days at Harron.”

“Oh…well, actually I do know some things about that, but…” She doesn’t feel awkward about giving us the information, she feels awkward about asking for the money.

“Great!” Eric opens his briefcase and puts ten thousand in cash on the table between Bethany and us. “That’s ten thousand. Tell us what you know.”

“Is this legal?”

“Buying information is the cornerstone of our entire society. It’s legal, but you don’t have to brag about it. And we’d greatly prefer if you never utter the word Onyx to another living soul unless, of course, you’re talking about jewelry.”

“Well alright then,” Bethany leans back in her chair. “I had an especially hard job this past week. When the surgeon and his team got sick the first time, I was on cleanup duty for that floor. All four of them were vomiting non stop, and they were getting nosebleeds too. That wasn’t the worst of it though. They had coughing fits. They coughed up more blood than I’ve ever seen. Sometimes they coughed and puked at the same time. We all felt so bad for them. A bunch of respected surgeons crying like that while lying in their own fluids. They couldn’t even stand up. And their skin color.”

“What about their skin color?” I asked. This morning when I looked in the mirror, I had briefly wondered if my skin looked different. I figured it was the light.

“The longer they were sick, the grayer they became. In the end those poor people were just gray. None of us could imagine that they would make it much longer. We were right. They just started dying one after the other. We stayed with them the whole time, it was horrible.”

“Were they in quarantine as well?”

“Oh, yes. We all had hazard suits, but we tried to stay with them as much as possible. You really can’t imagine how terrifying it was.” I stand up abruptly and walk out of the room. Bethany’s expression and the image in my head are too much for me to bear. I need air. “Are you alright dear?” Bethany calls after me, but I don’t stop. I walk right through her kitchen and out onto her back porch. 

Outside I start hyperventilating. Oh fantastic, I’m thinking. I’m going to have a panic attack at some woman’s house with Eric in the other room. Shit. I force myself to focus on a flower pot and breathe slowly and deliberately. I can bring myself back from the brink of a pathetic panic attack, just have to focus.

Focus.

“Are you ok?” Eric puts his arm around me. I brush him off.

“I’m fine.”

“You could just…”

“I’m fine,” I say as I walk back into the house. I need to hear the rest of what Bethany has to say. “Sorry about that, I just really needed some air right then.” I smile at Bethany, and her concern fades a bit. “What can you tell us about the nurse in quarantine?” Bethany shakes her head. 

“Oh dear, she’s going the same direction. They can’t figure out what’s making her sick.” 

“And the murder?” Eric asks as he enters the room.

“I don’t really know anything about the murder. It’s very strange though. The mortician, Dr. Paul, was a nice guy. I don’t know why anyone would want to kill him. I just think it’s weird that he was killed the same evening all four of the surgeons team were brought to him.”

“Wait, the surgeon and his team died the day before.” I’m trying to keep track of the timing on all of this, it seems important. My brain feels fuzzy though. I look at Eric for the first time since we’ve come inside. He’s taking notes. Of course, I can count on Eric to be on the ball. That’s another reason I like him.

“Yes, but they had the bodies in another freezer because Dr. Paul’s freezers short circuited. As soon as they were fixed, the orderlies moved the bodies.”

“Do you know the orderlies the news is talking about? The one that ‘issued a sharp blow’?” Eric doesn’t notice that I’m looking at him.

“I know them a bit.”

“Can you talk to them and ask them what they saw when you go to work tonight?”

“Of course. You know my schedule?”

Eric stands up and offers me his hand. I take it and he pulls me off the couch. Once I’m up, he doesn’t let go of my hand. 

“I looked it up to find out where you live and if you’d be home. Don’t worry about it. We’re just collecting a little information. We really appreciate it. Here’s my card. Just give me a call. Hopefully soon, we’re on a deadline with this one.”

“Um, ok. Sure. Thanks for stopping by,” she pauses and looks at the money, “and for giving me a bunch of money.”

“Make it worth it,” Eric says, and we walk out the door together. Eric is still holding my hand. When we get to the car, I ask to drive. He hands me the keys, and I screech out of the neighborhood. 

“Whoa! Where are we going in such a hurry?” He can see that I’m upset, and he tries to lighten the mood. I’m glad he’s there, but I’m preoccupied inside my own head. I’m driving towards my house. I don’t bother answering him because I know that it doesn’t matter where we’re going. Eric understands what that conversation just put in my head. My current intention is to go to my house and find some kind of medication that will calm me down and fuck me up at the same time. I’m starting to feel exhausted and it’s barely after noon.

I have a red shoebox under my bathroom sink. That’s where I keep my collection of random drugs. I don’t really do drugs, but keeping leftover painkillers, antibiotics, mood medications, and pick-me-ups always seemed like an intelligent thing to do. That red box has saved my ass more times than I could count. It’s been saving me this week. The doctors were rationing out painkillers like I was a junky, despite the fact I had just had a pretty painful operation. I’d taken a pill last night, but it had been wearing off since my first cupcake.

I park the car outside my building and turn it off.

“What are we doing here?” Eric asks as he steps out of the car.

“I live here,” I say walking towards my building.

“I know,” he points to the dead flowers that are still sitting in front of the door. “I sent those the day after you got back from Malaysia.”

“You did? Really? You’re not just saying that because they look dead and forgotten and you know you could claim such a thing, and I wouldn’t know the difference?”

“You’re such an asshole. I like that. But really, I sent the flowers.”

“I’m sorry. When I got back, I went to bed. The next morning they weren’t there when I left. They weren’t there when I stopped in and drank Tequila before I went to the hospital.”

“I asked them to deliver them in the evening, so that you could sleep in. I thought you’d be tired.” He doesn’t look disappointed at all, more amused that the flowers were still sitting there, shriveled and browned. “So you didn’t read the card?”

“No. Sorry, by the time I saw them, the ink was washed away. Um, thanks, I guess.” I try to smile at him while sticking my key in the door, but I can’t concentrate on the key and have to turn away from him. Once we’re upstairs, I offer him a coffee, but he turns it down. He looks at me inquisitively. I go into the bathroom and get the red box. I bring it back it the living room and sit down on the floor. Eric comes and sits behind me.

“Maggie, talk to me. Are you ok?”

“I need drugs,” I say as I flip open the box and start scavenging around for a painkiller strong enough to make my throat and my brain numb.

“Well, I’m sure we can get you whatever you want, you little junky.”

“You know I just had surgery, right? Do you know what it feels like to have fresh wounds in the back of your throat?”

“No, but I know what it tastes like.” I push him away, trying not to laugh at myself. I can’t believe he kissed me that second time. He must really like me. 

“Just shut up. I’ve found it.” I pull out a bottle of Percocets and take two of them. Then I stand up and pull Eric into the bedroom. “I’m not going back to the office just yet,” I tell him after falling into my bed. Eric lies down beside me and brushes the hair out of my face.

“Yeah, me neither.”


It’s the phone ringing that wakes me up. Eric is already awake, or maybe he never slept. In any case, he’s watching me. Normally, that would make me uncomfortable, but right now it doesn’t. 

“How long have I been sleeping?”

“Just an hour,” he says as he reaches for the phone.

“No, don’t…” but it’s too late. 

“Hello?…May I ask who’s calling?…I’d be happy to leave her a message…She’s not in at the moment…Yes, I understand, but she’s not in at the moment…I don’t have that kind of authority over her…Yes, I’ll tell her…Ok.” He hangs up the phone again and turns towards me. “That was the hospital, they want you to go there immediately.” Eric pulls me towards him.

“Phh, fat chance. I’m not going anywhere near Harron until I figure out what the hell is going on there.”

“You know, they sound concerned about your health.”

“No. They were waiting on a biopsy, to see if I’m contagious.”

“That seems kind of important.”

“Oh shit. I didn’t even think about getting you sick when I kissed you. I’m so sorry, I’ll never forgive myself if…” Eric puts his hand over my mouth and shakes his head.

“Stop. Just stop.” He kisses me again and embraces me. I feel warm. “I don’t think you’re contagious, if you were Dan would have gotten sick.” I think about this for a moment and realize he’s absolutely right. Why hadn’t I thought of that? Dan was with me the entire time in Malaysia and on the way home. He was with me almost until I checked myself into the hospital, and I was definitely sick before I got back into the States.

“You’re right. Dan’s fine. He’s just as dicky and enthusiastic as ever.”

“You, um, don’t have feelings for him do you?” What the hell kind of question is that? I mean, really? I need to start wearing more conservative clothes or something, I must look easy.

“Jesus, God. No! We’re friends, but that’s it.” I elect not to tell Eric that Dan and I got drunk and had embarrassing, forgettable sex. Instead, I decide to forget about it and pretend like it never happened.

Eric and I talk for another hour about films and books and music. We deliver lines like we’re in a sitcom, rapid fire, talking over each other. For a few moments we forget about my predicament. Until someone knocks on the door. I go to it and look out the peephole. There are two police officers standing outside my door.

“Fuck,” I whisper. I go back into the bedroom. “Eric…there’s cops at the door. What do I do?” The officers knock again.

“I’ll take care of it. Just stay here.” As he walks out of the bedroom, he shuts the door. I sit down with my back against the door and listen to his footsteps.

“Hi,” Eric says.

“Oh, hello. We’re looking for a Ms. Maggie Lawson. This is her apartment, is it not?”

“Yes, this is her apartment, but she isn’t here.”

“And who exactly are you?”

“Uh…well, I guess you could say I’m her boyfriend.” Eric knows I’m listening, we’re been dating for like six hours, and he’s calling me his boyfriend. It’s a little presumptuous, I think. We’ve hardly ever hung out outside of work. 

“Do you know where she is?”

“Yes, she’s on a business trip in St. Louis. Why? What’s this about?” Then again, maybe I should just consider him my boyfriend. He’s always on my mind, and it’s not like I don’t need someone to lie to police officers for me. In fact, I definitely need someone that cares about me enough to lie to the cops. That’s not the type of thing that just anyone will do for you. 

“When does she return?” I imagine the officers arresting Eric for some reason. I consider going out of the bedroom, but can’t bring myself to stand up. “Sir?”

“I’m just trying to decide if I should tell you that,” Eric says, and I just swoon.

“Well, sir, yes. Yes, you should tell us. We have a warrant, and you will be obstructing justice if you don’t tell us where Ms. Lawson is.”

“A warrant? For what?” It’s incredible, it’s like Eric is reading my mind. He’s answering all the questions with exactly the response I would have said into his earpiece were he wearing an earpiece. 

“We don’t have to give you that information.”

“I’d still like to know.” I hear one of the officers sigh, and I pray that Eric stop pushing their buttons, tell them a lie about when I am coming back, and then come back into the bedroom. The officers hesitate for a few moments. I imagine they’re looking him over. They must decide that he looks respectable (he does look respectable).

“Well, we have a warrant to pull her in for questioning on the Harron Medical Center incidents.”

“Why? She had surgery there last week, but you can’t think she has anything to do with the deaths!”

“We’re just trying to understand what happened. She left against medical advice, and now people are dead. We just want to talk to her.”

“Well, she won’t be back until Monday, but I can tell you that she left the hospital because the food sucked.”

“Are you serious? Who would do that? Leaving against medical advice because she doesn’t like the food?”

“Maggie would do that.” Eric knows me more than I would have thought.

“Please tell her to turn herself in. Otherwise, we’ll be back to pick her up on Monday. We’re questioning every patient in that wing, so we need to talk to her.”

“Yes, sir. I’ll let her know.” Eric shuts the front door, and comes to the bedroom door. He tries to come in and shoves the door against my back. “Sorry,” he says. I let him into the room. 

“This is good,” he says as he pulls me off of the floor and back to the bed. “I just lied to the cops. Again.”

“Again?”

“Never mind. Listen we need to go back to the office and get you set up.”

“Maybe I should just go talk to them. I mean, I don’t have anything to hide. I didn’t do anything.”

“At the very least, I think we should wait to hear what Bethany says tomorrow morning,” he pauses for a moment, thinking it over. “Yeah, we should go into the office, are you feeling alright?” I’m feeling decent, but not energetic. It’s as if all of my limbs have a couple dozen fishing weights tied to them. The painkiller is doing its job, but if I wanted to use my brain, I was going to need some pep. I didn’t know all of this was going to be so invasive in my life when I checked myself into the hospital. I stand up and grab the red box again. Eric raises his eyebrows, but I don’t pay him any attention. Instead, I rummage through the box, find some uppers, and pop two in my mouth.

“Now I’m ready.”



When we get back to the office, no one is in the conference room, but we didn’t need to look in to find that out. The eleventh floor is vibrating. We walk to Jacob’s office where we find Dan playing video games and yelling at the screens. I try several times to announce our arrival, but the volume is up too loud, and Dan is focused on a machete rampage. I wait until the rampage is over, then I tap his shoulder, he jumps three feet into the air, drops the controller, and puts his hands up like he’s about to get in a fight. When he processes that it’s me, he smiles, a little embarrassed, and mutes the game. 

“You scared the shit out of me. Did you fucking see that!? I just killed a hundred and twenty-seven gangsters in one freaking rampage. I am so awesome.” It’s not uncommon for one of the Onyx employees to burst out of Jacob’s office whooping and screaming about something that was accomplished in a game.

“Yeah, we know. Where are June and Jacob?” I’m not actually at all concerned with where they are. They left. They went somewhere. I don’t care. I don’t know why I asked the question. I try not to be the type of person that engages in small talk, but every once in a while I just slip and do the same thing that millions of people all over the world do. I say things I don’t mean. I ask questions just to ask.

“They left a while ago, they’re still fighting about the InterVision meeting.” Dan is looking at me strangely, he knows I don’t care. 

“Whatever. Listen, the cops just came by my place, they want to haul me in…”

“So how’d you get out of that?”

“I lied to them,” Eric says.

“I’m not going back to the hospital. I’m not going to be quarantined and questioned. I don’t know anything. Plus the food sucks.” Eric smiles. I like it when he smiles. Eric has the most devious smile I’ve ever seen. It seems as if his smile is always hiding something, and I find myself desperate to know what it is. “Do me a favor, try hacking into the Harron Intranet. Maybe they’re using IRC or something.”

Dan turns off the game and sits down at Jacob’s desk. He flips open the 46-Book and starts hacking. He just starts working on it, without question, without bitching. I’m pretty surprised by this. I don’t even know if he saved his game.

“Just like that?” I ask.

“Yeah, well. I had on autosave, plus I hate cops. I love subversion, and I’m curious. I’ll find a line in within an hour.”

“Thanks. I’m going to see if I can find one of the analysts to read whatever you find.” 

The analysts at Onyx are like mole people. They are always hiding in the dark somewhere, always sequestered in a fortress of solitude going through information. They have offices on this floor, but none of them are ever up here. Usually, the analysts spread out all over the building and find a dark corner where they won’t be bothered. There’s ten of them, and their job is simply to comb through the masses of information we collect and find whatever it is we’re looking for. I can’t imagine having that job. When they find something, they isolate it, format it, and send it to our Onyx smartphones. They never come to talk to us, and we don’t generally go looking for them. We send them hyperlinks and access codes, they do their jobs. I don’t even think they talk to each other. It’s like they don’t exist, but they save all of us massive amounts of time. 

For this particular job, I want to meet my analyst. I don’t know why, but I want to explain what I’m looking for face to face. In order to do this, I should probably think about what I’m looking for. I guess I just want to know about this sickness. I felt ok earlier, but as the day progresses I’m feeling worse and worse. I’m wondering if this is because I just had surgery and am running around without regard for my weakened state, or if that weird sickness is going to hit me suddenly.

I walk out of Jacob’s office and head to the stairs. I didn’t say anything to Eric, I just walked out. I like him, but I’m not really ready to be public about it, not that Dan is public. Maybe it’s a self esteem problem that I have, but even though Eric tells me that he wants me, even though he shows me that he cares, I am unwilling to believe it. The best way to avoid heartache and pain is to be slightly mean, push him away a bit, and hope that he starts to be mean back. Then I don’t have to fall anymore. It will hurt less if he’s mean to me now rather than later. 

Really, I’m psychoanalyzing myself after a mere six or seven hours of actual, confirmed mutual feelings? I’m already planning the demise of the relationship that I’ve barely even started? I’m not really into therapy, but sometimes I seriously consider getting myself a therapist. At the very least the outside world would think I’m trying to solve my ridiculous psychoses. 

I take the stairs down to the tenth floor and walk into a blanket of darkness. I wasn’t kidding about these people being like moles. They keep all the lights off and hide themselves away. I stand there for a moment, letting my eyes adjust, and then I look around for the cold, blue reflection of a computer monitor. I have to walk around a bit because there are offices and cubicles obstructing my view of the entire office. In the far corner, I see a flicker on the ceiling, and I walk towards it. 

There on the floor with his back against the wall is a guy with the face of a fifteen year old and a shaved head. His computer is balanced on his knees, and he’s quickly typing away. An infantry of sweat beads is collected around the metal band of his headphones, and his glasses are halfway down his nose. He doesn’t noticed me approaching. The concentrated look on his face and the speed at which he’s typing tells me that he’s transcribing whatever it is he was listening to. I didn’t realize they transcribed the recordings. I mean, it makes sense, but I would think that note taking would be sufficient for our purposes. I wonder if there’s actually a protocol for that. I wonder if we should have recorded the conversation we had with Bethany. I suppose I need someone to listen to the police frequencies and someone to read the IRCs from Harron, but the analyst doesn’t actually need to transcribe anything. He just needs to pay attention and pull out information about the sickness or about me.

I get a little closer and kneel down, just watching him. I watch his eye flicker towards me, and I know he’s registered that I’m there. He keeps typing for another two minutes, then bangs his enter key and rips the headphones off. 

“You know,” he says, “there’s a reason I’m in this corner in the dark.” Wow, what a dick. I thought he was going to be meek or shy, but instead he was just looking at me like I’d just barbecued one of his hamsters and served it with mustard. I never respond well in these situations.

“You know,” I say back, “there’s a reason I came to find you in the dark.”

“You don’t even know who I am.”

“No. I don’t, but you’re an analyst for Onyx, so I know you’re wicked smart. I figured I would take an opportunity to get to know one of you. My name’s Maggie.”

“I’ve been working here for five years, Maggie, and no one has ever come to find me.” His voice was no longer annoyed, just factual. He didn’t seem like he really cared. He’d been invited to the company functions. It’s not like those of us working on the eleventh floor ignored the others. We weren’t some kind of clique having secret parties and ignoring the other kids. We just did our thing. We invite everyone when we do social functions and some people show up and some people don’t.  

“Sorry, what’s your name?”

“Oscar”

“Well, Oscar , I came to find you, you’re going to either listen to me and potentially help me, or you’re not. If you’re not, I’m going to go find someone else. If you are, I’m going to take you to the pub.”

“You take me to the pub, explain what you want, and then we’ll see if I decide to help you.”

“Deal.” I hold out my hand offering to pull him up.

“You want to go right now? It’s like three something in the afternoon.”

“Would you rather sit here with your face in a computer, or do you want to go get a beer and talk to me?” Oscar shuts his laptop, puts his stuff in a bag, and stands up. 

“Let’s go to the pub.”


We have a pub. Not in the building or anything, but we have a pub down the street with low ceilings, green booths, and heavy wooden tables. It’s exactly the type of place you’d expect to see native barflies having drinks at ten thirty in the morning. It’s always open, mostly empty, and the building doesn’t attract any attention to itself. Oscar and I head out of the office in its direction. Neither one of us attempts small talk. Neither one of us is interested in the other’s personality or life. We both want a beer. My motives are clear, I need help. Oscar is getting a beer out of talking to me about my issue, whatever it may be. It’s a win win situation. 

Five minutes later we step into the dank, smokey air of the pub. Oscar has to stoop a little on the way through the door, but he does so as if he’s been coming through that door every day for the last twenty years. He can’t be more than 30 years old. 

“Let’s just get a pitcher.” I walk up to the bar. I order a pitcher of Sam Adams while staring at the vodka selection. I have to remind myself that it’s “three something in the afternoon”. A pitcher of beer for a semi-work-related chat should be sufficient. Not to mention the fact that I’ve had a couple of painkillers and some dexedrine. I really shouldn’t be drinking at all, I should be at home in bed. I should have someone else doing this kind of stuff for me. I should have just looked at Eric all weepy eyed and begged him to take care of everything for me. I take the pitcher and a couple of glasses to the booth Oscar is sitting in. 

The pub is pretty empty, just three people and maybe someone in the kitchen or in the bathroom. The bartender is playing gin with an older lady, and an older gentleman wearing a leather vest and a cowboy hat is watching with glassed eyes and a snifter of brandy loosely held in his hand. His face looks a little like it’s swallowing itself, and I notice that his vest has fringe remainder, as if he cut off the fringe after the eighties were over. The floor is sticky. This isn’t the type of place where the bartender is going to give you a new ashtray or refill your pitcher. 

Sitting down at the booth, Oscar pours the beers. We both take a large gulp before looking each other in the eye.

“I’ll just make this quick. Obviously, I need your help. I need someone to listen to the police frequencies and read Harron Medical Center  IRCs,” as an afterthought, I add “but you don’t have to transcribe anything.”

Oscar just sits there looking at me, so I continue. “I want you to see if you hear or find any information regarding ‘Maggie Lawson’ or a peculiar sickness in the ear, nose, and throat wing. Also any information on the deaths of staff members at the medical center.”

“The Harron thing, huh? Yeah, I was curious about that myself, so I wrote a little alert program that records when ‘Harron’ is mentioned on the police lines. It’s not a flawless system, I didn’t really have time to write complicated programs to quell my curiosities. Why are you interested?”

“Full disclosure? Well, I had surgery last week, and it was my surgeon and his team that were quarantined.”

“Oh, I get it. You think you might be sick.”

“I don’t know if the way I’m feeling is the beginning of death or just me healing from a tonsillectomy. I’ve never had a tonsillectomy before, you know?”

“What other intel have you gathered? What have you already done in terms of recon?” I explain everything to Oscar. I tell him about Kuala Lumpur. I tell him about the surgery. I tell him how I coughed up blood on the nurse. I tell him about the phone call we’re expecting from Bethany. I lay it all out for him as we drink beers in our dirty, little pub. I even explain that I might be contagious, but doubt it because Dan didn’t get sick. Every once in a while, Oscar asks a question that makes me go onto a new tangent of information. For whatever reason I feel like Oscar needs to know everything about the situation in order to understand the gravity of what I’m asking him to do. It feels like hours go by. I have no idea how long I’ve been talking and can’t seem to remember whether or not we ordered another pitcher somewhere in the middle of my babble.

“And all of this is to find out if you’re going to die in a couple of days? Did it ever cross your mind to just live the days and see what happens?” 

“Have you ever potentially, maybe been dying from some unknown sickness that makes you vomit, bleed, and turns your skin gray?”

“Alright…”

“Then shut the fuck up. I happen to work for a company that can find out information fast. It’s what we do. I’m using it to quell the emotions I’m having about my impending death. And you’re getting paid either way, so just do me a favor and help me figure out what the fuck happened to those doctors.”

“Got it. Here, bump my phone.” We bonk our phones together to trade contacts. Everyone at Onyx does that. I find it an utterly ridiculous way to trade information, but it’s the easiest way to get contact information from an Onyx employee. “I’ll email you when something interesting comes in.” Oscar touches my shoulder when he stands up. “Don’t worry about it,” he says softly.

I watch him stoop on his way back out the door. I stare at the empty doorway for a while. I think my head and my neck are no longer connected together. All at once the room starts to pulsate. My other organs start screaming at my brain, “You stupid, mother-fucking, no good piece of shit! You knew it was too much, but you made us come with you!” The adrenaline that was coursing through me while I was explaining my story to Oscar is disappearing. Fatigue overcomes me.  

I have to get home. I can’t even conceptualize standing, let alone do it. I feel a warm thick fluid dripping out of my nose. A few drops spill over my lips, and I taste iron. A red drop splashes in slow motion on the table. My nose is bleeding. 

The bartender is pouring the old man another drink, and the woman looks as if her head is about to crash onto the bar. I place the palms of my hands on the table, and ease myself out of the booth. I use my right hand to hold my nose while tip my head back. I shuffle over to the bar.

“Sorry, can I just have a napkin or something?” I’m standing next to the older man. He smells like moth balls and cigarettes, and his suit jacket is puckered with burn marks. The woman looks at me. 

“Oh dear, nose bleed, eh? I got them all the time when I was a kid.” The woman tries to smile at me, but eventually gives up and returns to staring. The bartender says nothing, but hands me a pile of napkins. He asks me if I want another drink, and I politely refuse. After a few minutes, the stream coming out of my nose turns to a trickle. I throw the napkins into the trashcan the bartender holds up for me, take a few clean napkins, and announce my exit. I thank them for their kindness and say something quippy about the embarrassment of nose bleeds. The three of them smile at me through broken stares, then go back to drowning their consciousnesses in alcohol. 

Outside, I debate about calling Eric. I probably shouldn’t be going home. The cops have been there, and I wonder if someone is watching my flat. I’m pissed off at myself for not initiating something with Eric earlier. If I had kissed him or told him that I liked him, our relationship wouldn’t be so new, and I wouldn’t feel weird about asking for his help now. At the same time, I have to stop. I have to lay down, check out, and let the rest of the world help me figure out why I just had a nosebleed. Weirdly, the nosebleed doesn’t really scare me. I am holding on to the irrational thought that it was in no way related to the Harron sicknesses. Nope, I’m fine, just need to recover from a tonsillectomy. I’m quite adept at ignoring the voices in my head.

I stumble back to the office, thankful that it’s only a couple of blocks. After I pass my security tests, I grab a scooter. I never take the scooters, I always use a skateboard. It’s like skiing versus snowboarding. Snowboarding just looks cooler. However, in this particular moment, I don’t have the coordination required for balance. The scooters have handles, and I need the extra support. Before I get into the elevator, I stop by the ladies room to make sure I got all the blood of my face. I intend to tell Dan and Eric about the nosebleed, but I don’t want to show it to them. 

The elevator drop nearly makes me hurl. By the time I get to the eleventh floor, I’m unable to stand. I fall out of the elevator and start crawling towards Jacob’s office. I’m halfway there when Eric sees me and sprints towards me.

“Holy shit, what happened? Are you ok? What’s going on?” The panic in his voice causes me to smile, but it only lasts a second. He kneels beside me, places his hand on my back, and pushes the hair out of my face. The darkness starts swirling, and I know that I am about to pass out.

“I am going to faint, need couch, sleep. Help.” I get the words out, barely. Eric’s face fades. I go under.

