#Chapter 15


"Ok," Dan says as he gingerly places a bottle filled with gasoline and a marble sized morning star with diamond dust on the spikes into the t-shirt cannon. "Want to make some bets about whether or not this thing ends up inside the box?"

Niela, Dan and I are standing in a clearing up the mountain from Niela's house. We'd taken the four-wheelers with Niela as a guide and set out with our test supplies immediately after the intern arrived with Oscar's kit. The kid must have been driving like a bat out of hell – he'd arrived at 11:30am, a good forty-five minutes earlier than we'd expected. 

Dan and I had decided to buy two wooden boxes, fully constructed, at the hardware store. They were about a yard long on each side. Or better said, a meter, since Dan and I had gotten into a discussion about metric versus imperial units on the way to the store and decided that we weren't going to use "yards" anymore unless we were talking about "yard sales" or barbecues. 

We also bought two panes of reinforced glass and had them cut to fit the boxes. The sales guy recommended a fast drying epoxy and even helped us pry one side of each box off the boxes. 	The hardware store had the other supplies we needed. Tucked behind the lighting section, way in the back corner, there had been a small sampling of "construction attire". To our immense happiness, there are apparently construction crews that choose black cargo pants and though they didn't have women's sizes (surprise), they did have extra small. I tried the pants on right in the aisle, decided they fit, and bought a second pair for Niela. 

When we got back to the Hollow, at 11am, we only had to glue the glass to the box and wait an hour. After a cup of coffee, Niela had sent the intern back to the Bay Area, with a pat on the back and a "see you at the office". 

We'd managed to attach two wooden boxes to Dan's four-wheeler. The Stormshooter was strapped to my back and Niela had ten of the twenty morning stars in her cargo pants. She had put the pants on as soon as we got back and refused to take off until after the mission. "I just want to be this cool for as long as possible," she'd said. 

The Stormshooter came with a stand and the cannon is pointing at the sky. The whole thing is a bit bulky and heavy,  especially with the two ten kilogram CO2 tanks we'd purchased. Riding into the hills with all our gear attached to the sides of the four-wheelers was a lot different than having to schlepp it all up the side of the hill behind the Intervision complex. Still, without the wooden boxes, and with the three of us, it should be manageable. We decided that if push came to shove, we would leave all the equipment strewn on the hillside and take the monetary hit. It's not like Onyx is going to care about a few thousand dollars of lost equipment, though we usually try to keep our sunk costs low. 

We'd needed to buy wide mouthed bottles because the morning stars wouldn't fit through the neck of the wine bottles we had lying around at the Hollow. There'd been a bit of a panic when we realized this because none of us knew where to buy bottles with a wider neck. In the end, we'd headed back to the hardware store and looked in the gardening section. Sure enough, there were a variety of old fashioned, but newly manufactured, milk bottles and jars in a section for homemade marmalades and wine. We bought ten milk bottles and tried to convince the clerk that fifty dollars was a ridiculous price for useless glass. We'd asked for a discount because we were buying ten. The clerk had just shrugged and waited without saying anything. 

"Are you ready?" Dan asks Niela through the walkie talkie. Niela is in sprinting position a more than halfway between us and the wooden box. The box is about two football fields away with a fire extinguisher nearby. This morning, we'd decided against filling the Molotovs with laundry detergent and instead opted for a real world test. We're hopeful that we don't start a forest fire. The spot Niela brought us to was relatively shady, so the grass isn't so dry, but it's still kind of dangerous what we're doing here.

"Yes!" She answers. 

"ALRIGHT, HERE WE GO!" Dan yells and the radio cackles with feedback. "Dude," he says to me, "I'm not sure I can aim this thing."

The Stormshooter has a giant scope with crosshairs etched in, but neither of us is too sure about it's accuracy. 

"You'll just have to try it," I say.

"Alright, here we go," Dan says again as he lowers the cannon and aims through the scope. The cannon trajectory and the scope are on different planes. The crosshairs are pointed directly on the box, but the cannon is pointed upwards. He pulls the trigger and the molotov shoots in a wide arc above Niela's head. Nanoseconds later it hits square in the front of the box and flames erupt. Niela reaches it quite quickly, sprays the whole thing with the fire extinguisher. Dan and I run over.

"Good god that was accurate!" 

"Yeah! Five grand will buy you a helluva t-shirt cannon!" 

"Did it break?"

We look at the reinforced glass on the front of the box. It's covered in foam from the extinguisher and I wipe it away with my foot. The single morning star we'd put in the molotov is stuck right in the center of the glass. Cracks radiate out from it, but the glass is still whole.

"Bullseye," says Dan. 

"Well, at least we know the scope works. We have to try again though, the glass needs to break and fire needs to be on the inside. We're a few hundred yards..."

"Meters!" Dan interrupts.

"...meters further out then we will be at Intervision. So if it works at this distance, everything will work more better there."

"I get to shoot this time!" Niela says. Dan grabs the extinguisher and sets it away from the box. He walks with us until he reaches Niela's former position in the middle of the clearing. Niela and I go back to the Stormshooter and fill another bottle with gasoline. We put three morning stars in it this time. Niela, without a lot of fanfare or hesitation, puts the bottle into the cannon, lights it and aims at the box. She pulls the trigger without warning and then screams "Run Dan!"

Dan runs towards the box, grabs the extinguisher and sprays the fire that's spreading a bit too quickly. Niela and I run over. I help Dan put out the flames with my feet. We see that the three morning stars have done the trick. The inside of the box is covered in flames. 

Dan douses them and then says, "Ok, well I guess we can go. Shit works." He pulls out a knife and starts picking the single morning star still in the box out from the wood.

"Nope," I say. "You fuckers got to shoot, I get to shoot. We didn't lug that second box up here for nothing."

"But we shouldn't waste these little babies, we'll never find them in the grass. And also let's not start a fucking forest fire." Dan says, throwing the morning star around like a hot potato.

"We have enough, and one of you just stand a bit closer to get the fire out faster. I'll try two, and maybe we will save them on site."

"Not it!" Yells Niela.

"Not what?"

"I'm not on fire safety duty, you've gotta do it again, Dan."

"That's cool," he says, "I like saving the day."

I head back to the cannon and concoct the third and final test cocktail. I put two morning stars in it and take aim. I pull the trigger and am astounded by the lack of kick this forceful weaponized fun gun has. 

Two morning stars also shatter the glass. There's just enough foam in the fire extinguisher to douse my flames too. 

We discuss briefly and then decide after she pours soap in the fountain and launches the red kayak, Niela will shoot five random windows in buildings one and two on the Intervision campus. She'll use ten of the morning stars in quick succession, and then pack up and head back down to the car. 

We head back down the mountain. We need to go back to the hardware store and buy a few more overpriced bottles.


---
Back at the Hollow, we park the four wheelers and Niela jumps in her car and heads to buy the bottles. Dan and I are going to figure out Oscar's kit. Part of the mission is information recon, so we're going to have to connect wires together and break into a secure room. But neither of us had been particularly interested in opening the kit before we'd tested the t-shirt cannon. Some things are just more fun than others. 

The "kit" is a cheap pleather briefcase with a combination lock on the front. The lock is broken, but the briefcase closes.  Oscar didn't care much who saw the contents of the case, he'd said, because "people are stupid and can't usually put two and two together without a calculator." Besides, he'd said, his couriers are cool.  We open the case and there's a five page printed document on top of a variety of, as Dan called them, bits and bobs.

*Information Recon Access Kit*

* The targets for objective one, priority one are in a basement level under the parking garage behind building 5/6. Following the ordered execution plan will ensure remote control over security mechanisms in the basement level.*

*Although this is the primary objective, extraction and recovery should be paired with escape. See map 1. *

I flip to the appendix for the map. The detail of the parking structure shows a basement floor containing rooms along the parameter. To the north is an access door that connects to an underground access road. 

"What the fuck is this? A Prison Parking Garage?" Dan rolls his eyes. "Seriously, this is so cliche it's painful."

"Cliche?" I ask, "What exactly is cliche about an entire floor that has secret prison cells and/or spa treatment rooms with no natural light?"

"Maggie, this is every bad kidnapping themed action movie ever made. Combined with every bad espionage movie ever made."

"Well, script writers have to get their inspiration from somewhere, now don't they?"

Dan laughs. "Yeah, Freaky Mike Franzel and his little Humanoid, Mage, have definitely inspired a bad movie or two."

* Upon inspection of the LASSO, it has been determined that the target for objective two, priority one is located on the ninth floor of buildings 5/6 inside a core room in the expansion bridge. Said target is protected by limited entry pathways and laser activated alarms. Security personell patrol the floor three times more than other floors, they lap in clockwise directions and do not enter either the outer or inner core. Laser patterns cover the floor in the outer core, and the inner core is protected by retina scanner and voice activation lock. *

* Contained in this kit you will find: *

* 0. Gloves. All components have been sterilized and anonymized. Do not remove kit components from the baggies without gloves because that would be silly and unprofessional.*

Dan smiles at me, "I think I'm starting to like Oscar." 

* 1. Circuit Disruption Widget for the electrical box located in the utility closet Building four, floor 3. Please see provided map 2. *

"Shit," I say, "we have to get into building four..."

"Which floor?" Dan asks.

"Three." I flip to the appendix for the second map. "Well, the goal is not far from the garage stairs, should we try to go in the back?" 

"Dunno, let's review everything and then revise the plan."

The map shows an electrical box on the north wall of floor three in building four. It's about a quarter of the way around the circular building, we would need to turn right out of the garage entry. The map shows that the electrical box connects circuits to a large underground power grid located between the fourth and fifth buildings. The grid apparently powers everything in buildings four, five and six as well as the filtration system in the lake. It also seems to be the core power supply for the various security systems around the campus. The access road that the prison parking garage opens to seems to end at this underground power grid.

I return to reading the kit instructions. 

* 2. Splitter extension and 6 clips*

* PLACEMENT: The disruption widget needs to be placed on the 34g and 37a wires (see circuit blueprint). Slice wire casings without cutting the wires and peel the wire casing back. Attach splitter extension to both wires. Extra clips are included in case the wires are too far apart to connect easily to the extension. Attach everything to the circuit disruption widget (see drawing A-1).*

The drawing is in the appendix, after the map. 

"Kind of looks like girl anatomy," Dan says.

"Yep, it kind of does." I agree. The "cervix" is the circuit disruption device and it's attached to the splitter extension, the "uterus". The wires and clips form the Fallopian tubes. A rather accurate description, I guess.  

*RESULT: Proper placement of the disruption widget will inactivate laser grid alarm system in outer core on the ninth floor. NOTE: You will still be able to see the laser grid, however crossing a laser barrier will not activate the alarms.*

"Well fuck," Dan says. "How are we supposed to know if it's working? We just walk through it and if the alarms don't go off we're happy? And if they do go off we're shot in the head?"

"Uh...I don't know..." I feel trepidation in my throat. "Maybe we should call Oscar?"

"I'll text him." Dan pulls out his phone, and I continue reading aloud.

* 3. Mini welder. Loaded.*

The package labeled "3" contains a small welding machine that looks like a caulk gun. Next to it there are two hairspray sized cylinders, one labeled Oxygen and the other Acetylene. The gun has a small metal rod threaded towards the gun's cutting torch, positioned next to the nozzle. I show Dan and then close the package again. It'll be easier to carry packaged as it is, and we don't need to be leaving finger prints anyway. 

* I've included both a steel rod and an aluminum rod. Normally electrical boxes are made out of aluminum, but I have the feeling this one is out of steel. Call it an instinct. The steel rod is loaded. Weld the door to the electrical box shut once disruption widget is properly placed. This will ensure that you have time to get past the laser grid.*

* 4. Circuit Redirection Card for the same electrical box.*

* PLACEMENT: Use duct tape to attach the circuit redirection card to the outside back of the electrical box. Redirection card should be placed invisibly to avoid removal.*

I pull out the Circuit Redirection Card. It's the size of a credit card and nearly as flat too. It's green with slivers of silver circuits running though it. It looks incredibly high tech.

*RESULT: Proper placement of this device will give us remote access to the entire campus closed circuit camera installation. *

* 5. Hammer, plastic explosives, industrial magnets. *

"A hammer?" asks Dan, "Keep reading."

* Upon close inspection of the voice activation lock, a remote hack looks unlikely. Use force. Smash the casing with the hammer, place plastic explosives on the locking mechanisms, take a step back and detonate. Use the magnets to remove shards. I'm pretty sure this is going to work. *

"Jesus Christ. I'm calling him."

"Put him on speaker."

The phone starts ringing and Oscar picks up, laughing.

"I'm surprised it took you so long to call me, was the kit late?"

"No, but we are just now looking into it," I say.

"What the fuck is this!?" Dan rants.

"I know, I know," says Oscar. "The retinal scanner will be deactivated with the circuit disruptor, but the voice activation lock is controlled via a remote power source. I think it's an external company's software."

"Ok, but we won't know that the circuit disruptor worked properly in the first place, and now you've got a planting explosives," Dan whines. "And you're 'pretty sure this is going to work'?

"The circuit redirection card is going to show ME if the lasers are deactivated," Oscar explains. "Do you trust me?"

"No," says Dan.

"Yes, we do," I say. "But what about this voice activation lock, what are the risks?" 

"Well, if it doesn't work, you won't get into that room," Oscar says with a little sigh. "But don't worry, it's going to work. It's hard to fuck up explosives. If they explode, the mechanisms will be damaged."

"And the magnets?" I ask.

"I used Mnemonic to do a simulation. The way the lock looks, the explosives will bury the locking rods into the wall and they'll keep blocking the door. But they're shattered in the simulation. So the magnets will adjust their positioning and then you'll be able to kick the door open."

"Ok, I guess we don't have much of a choice."

"I'm taking two guns," Dan says.

"I would advise that," Oscar responds.

---
I type up a truncated and incomplete overview of the plan and send it to Jacob. I promised him I would keep him posted, but I figure if he wants a more complete plan all he has to do is ask Oscar for it. I include this directive to him and sign the daily report "Disease". An hour later, a message comes in on the encrypted IRC.

*Quick question – did you all test these strategies? The t-shirt cannon in particular seems pretty out there.*

*I thought you liked schemy schemes.* I respond immediately. Who knows how long I'll have Jacob in a synchronous chat.

*Oh I do, but I like it when they work. So?*

*Yeah, we ran some tests. There's some risk with the circuit disruptor and the voice activation, but setting stuff on fire is not going to be an issue.*

*Fine then. Love the VecoTerrain blame too, by the way. Oscar is on standby. *

*You think we'll find Eric and June?*

*God I hope so, Eric owes me money. I'll check in Saturday at noon.*

I don't respond again. It felt like Jacob signed off on the whole thing. 

A few hours later, we've cooked together and eaten a bit too much homemade Mac and cheese. Dan, Niela and I turn on the news. After the opening globe spin and production credits, the anchor begins.

*Our top story tonight, the CDC confirms more cases of the mysterious illness we've been following since last week. You might recall that the illness popped up in Everitt, Virginia and Nashville, Tennessee just days ago. Now there are verifiable cases in Denver, Colorado and the surrounding areas. We go to our Denver correspondent John Ciesdak at the Rocky Mountain Center for Medical Response to Terrorism, Mass Casualties and Epidemics. John?*

*Thank you Maura. I'm here at the Rocky Mountain Center for Medical Response where medical professionals are saying they've received a number of patients who have the mysterious illness the CDC issued a briefing on just this week. Included in the briefing were a number of symptoms and observations to help medical institutions across the country identify the sickness.*

*John, how many patients are we talking about here?*

*The Center has not released a specific number, but their exact wording was "several". We requested a comment from the CDC headquarters in Atlanta, but they have not yet made a statement.*

*Ok, thanks John. We'll continue to follow this story as it develops...* Maura shuffles some papers. *What would you do if you found feces in your child's school lunch? Our next story shows just what you should do in an exclusive report. We'll be right back.* 

I click off the TV. Niela and Dan look at me.

"Denver." I say. 

"Yeah..."

"Well?"

"Ok, it's weird. But still, statically speaking..."

"How about we deal with the state of the world after we've dealt with the disappearance of our colleagues and maybe gotten some new information after robbing the Intervision computers of their data?" Dan proposes.

"Fine, then I'm going to read another one of these weird novellas and try to get some sleep. Y'all should do the same," I stand up, grab the first book my hands find on the shelf and head to my bed without looking at the title.

"She'll be ok, we just need to get through the mission," I hear Dan say to Niela. I read for a while and then turn the light off at ten. The house is quiet, but I wonder if any of us are going to be able to sleep.

* I can't move. I'm tied to a chair. I'm sitting in a giant warehouse and there's nothing around me. Just an empty warehouse and gray sullen columns of stone. Factory lights dot the ceiling, and their bulbs leak a burnt yellow light. I open my mouth to yell for help, and my teeth fall out and become dust on my lap. The dust sits in a perfectly shaped pyramid. It turns from a creamy color to the same yellow as the lights and then a gust of wind rushes through the warehouse and blows the pile away. I'm screaming and crying and worried about never seeing my teeth again. *

"Maggie...Maggie wake up," Dan is sitting on the edge of my bed. He looks concerned. "You've been growling and moaning and generally making the most horrible noises for like an hour. I was just going to leave you to it, you know, let your brain do what it's doing. But you just started screaming the most bone chilling scream. So please wake up."

Dan's voice is soft. There's no humor or sarcasm, just a sad reflection on my mental state at the moment. 

"I'm sorry," I murmur as Dan continues to stroke my head. "Didn't mean to wake you up."

"Don't worry about it. But get up, let's get you some tea or something and see if we can't change the pathways of your dreams."

I roll away from him, "No, just let me sleep."

"Seriously, I think you've had enough of the dark processing," I feel strange hearing this from Dan. I turn back to look at him. "We need to leave soon anyway."

"Dan? What's going on?"

"You and me, kid. We're immune. The news. The towns match our path. Plus with the Harron thing and the Intervision thing...we're on the hook here somehow. Or at least you are."

"There's nothing to be done."

"Well, we do the mission. Then we reassess. Then we make a decision." Dan is in a rational state of mind. I'm a bit more emotional.

"If Eric and June are dead...if we find something on Intervisions computers about this cover up..."

"We don't know what we're dealing with, so we need to keep our heads. Let's do the mission. Then, if we're none the wiser, you could let me take you to Berkeley and we get some Dr. Professor Person to figure out what the deal is."

"Is it time to go?"

"Yeah, let's make a coffee."

"I thought you said tea?"

"Well, I'd vote for whisky, but I know you'll get mad at me if I'm drinking while on duty."
