#Chapter 2

My roommate won’t stop talking to me. It’s just after noon, and I am plotting my escape. I’m still swallowing thick, gooey scabs, but I feel much better. My roommate is blathering on and on about how she met her husband, where they’ve been on vacation, and other various tidbits of her boring life. I lay back in my bed and close my eyes. Miraculously, she shuts up. I’m not really tired anymore, I just want to leave here. I’m not allowed to use my cell phone, and I’m bored. 

I’d called Dan two days ago, right before my throat started bleeding. He said he would come by, but he hadn’t shown up yet. I suspected that he would show up any minute and tell my roommate she was hot. 

The nurse came in to check my roomie’s bandages. They started talking about my roomie’s boring life while I lay there grinding my teeth. I am about to go bat shit crazy. I get up from the bed and go into the hallway. I’m going to try Dan again.

The phone rings, but Dan doesn’t pick up. I realize that I am going to have to escape the hospital all by myself. I walk slowly down the hallway towards the door. Outside is the hospital park. It’s a giant courtyard, surrounded by the hospital buildings, that is so manicured it’s thirty steps removed from nature. Every plant looks as if it’s plastic. For a moment, I wish they really were plastic so that I can come back later, douse them in gasoline, set them on fire, and smell the molten lava that results. It would be glorious to watch a field full of malleable plants melting into the cobblestone walkway.

I scoot back into my room and lay down again. I’m not going to walk out of the hospital during the afternoon for fear of being dragged back in and strapped down against my will. 

At five dinner is served. My meal is a bowl of white slop. Not only does it look like a thousand men ejaculated into the bowl, it tastes salty. There are no other flavors. The consistency was fun to play with. I let spoonful after spoonful slosh back into the bowl. The sound is delightful. My roommate is allowed to eat goulash, which is slightly gray in color. 

There’s no television in the room. The only magazine I have to flip through is a Us Weekly June from work had brought with her. I’m under the impression she brought it just to piss me off. She can’t possibly be stupid enough to think that I want to read about celebrity hard ons and look at pictures of their kids.

June Kim is a little Asian chick with a mediocre flat face and double D breasts. She’d gotten a boob job just a year ago, and I had wondered since how it is that she is actually able to stand. I theorized that she wears one of those mover’s back braces all the time. June always wore expensive shoes. Not just kind of expensive shoes, but the kind you see in those stores that have exactly three pairs of shoes in a four hundred square foot space. Once I walked into one of those stores. I was wearing a hoodie and jeans. I didn’t look that grungy, but I didn’t look like the tailored suits observing the nothing. I even had a bunch of money and briefly considered blowing it on the handbag sitting on a pedestal in the middle of the room. As I reached out to touch the bag, a woman grabbed my wrist and said, “I’m sorry, but I think maybe you should leave.”

“Excuse me!? Are you fucking serious!?”

“Yes I am, you can’t afford anything here.” 

I pulled a huge wad of hundreds out of my pocket, forty-five hundred dollars I had just taken out of the perks box at work to deliver to the bank. “Oh no? You sure?”

“Oh, my goodness, I am so sorry!” I’d of thought the smile plastered on her face was genuine if I hadn’t seen it forming seconds earlier. 

“Fuck you, bitch,” and I took my wad of cash and walked out. 

June is always put together. She isn’t beautiful, but she has the personality of a minx. She oozes sex, but only around those people that can directly influence her status in life. She has a different boyfriend every other month, and they are all well-to-do. Whenever one of her boyfriends gives her an expensive gift, she comes to work and struts around showing off her cashmere scarf, diamond tennis bracelet, or whatever she was given.

June is constantly getting on my case about something. She competes with me when there’s no competition to be had. She talks over me in meetings, and she dumps out the coffee at three in the afternoon even though she knows that Dan and I love a cold cup at about 3:15.

I look at the cover of the magazine and lay back in bed again. I’m so bored. The best thing to do is sleep for a while. I know the nurses come in around one-thirty to check on us. They’re not at all quiet about it, and it’s woken me up every night since I’ve been here. Afterwards, they disappear into the nurses lounge for an hour. I’ll be heading out then. 

While I’m sinking into the darkness, I have a flashback of Kuala Lumpur. Dan and I are leaving the place we were at after the Blue Elephant and some guy blows dust at me. This little Indian guy walks right up to me on the street and blows dust in my face. Then he smiles and just walks away. I remember Dan laughing and saying, “If you get high, I’m going to lick out your nostrils.”

The memory sends a cold shiver up my spine, mainly because I had slept with that dumb asshole. Even drunk it’s kind of inexcusable, he’s so crass and internally maimed. It’s as if someone went into his brain and created gray matter where ‘tact’ was supposed to be. I didn’t find him attractive even in the slightest. In fact, I found him downright horrifying. Dan made me laugh quite a bit, but a lot of the time he also made me nauseous.

Before I allow myself to sink into a darkness full of nightmares at the memories of Dan and Kuala Lumpur, I think about Eric, the guy from my office. I don’t know why he pops into my thoughts, he just kind of does. He relaxes me somehow. His presence makes me feel less alone. I stop mulling it all over and fall asleep. 

---
  
The dental hygienist knocks over the instrument tray while mounting a patient. The patient is happy to be mounted, and I am the hygienist. As the dentist’s tools clatter to the floor, I see nurses opening the door.

Suddenly I’m awake, startled out of sleep by the nurses’ one thirty in the morning checkup. I quickly close my eyes again. One nurse leans in to my roommate, and the other observes me. I keep my eyes closed and try to breathe steadily. Two plastic cups, one with a suppository and one with a single little white pill are placed on my nightstand. Two seconds later, they’re done pretending to do their jobs, and they chit-chat on their way out of the room.

I swing my legs around the side of the bed and place my feet on the floor. The floor feels like someone wrapped it in plastic wrap. It’s not exactly sticky, but there’s a suction somehow. Lifting my toes from the floor sounds like peeling tape off of a refrigerator. I grab the cup with the little white pill and put it into my mouth. This is my eight am painkiller. They give me the strongest painkiller in the morning because I’ve been without any painkillers all night, and the morning just sucks. I briefly consider trying to steal more pain pills from the nurses station on my way out, but smartly decide against it. I can get painkillers from Dan, I’m sure. 

My clothes are sitting to my right, on a chair next to the table all the stupid “Get Well” cards are on. I stand up and get dressed, the adrenaline is already pumping. The doctors want me to stay, and I am leaving. It’s not a legal issue. Yet. 

After I dress myself, I creep to the door and take a look left down the hallway. The nurses have just left the last patient and are headed in the direction of their little hospital squatter pad. I bet they had all kinds of fun stuff in there. Pinball machines and intravenous drugs, for example. As the door closes behind them, I slip into the hallway and make my way to the door. I stay on the wall as I open the door, but the stair light comes on anyway. It isn’t really needed, the lantern from the street lights up the stairwell like a carnival. 

When I get down the stairs and head outside, I’m met with warm, soft air. It’s a beautiful evening for an escape. I figure I can just go home. I hadn’t used my current address on the hospital forms, and my new place wasn’t in my name. Besides, it’s a hospital, not a prison, so I’m not really “escaping”, I’m just leaving against doctors orders in the middle of the night. 

I cross the courtyard and head out through the main entrance, left of the entryway I am standing in. My intentions are to go home for a couple of days and just rest. Out on the street I catch a cab.

When I get home, there’s dead flowers in a vase on my porch. The water is murky and kind of clumpy. The card stuck in the flowers is no longer legible. I leave them there, pretending like they’re not for me. Who knows, maybe they’re for one of the other tenants. 

As I crawl into my bed at three in the morning, I realize that tomorrow I won’t have to eat shitty hospital food. This thought alone carries me into sleep.

The phone is ringing. The clock says it’s eleven in the morning. I rub my eyes and listen to the phone ringing. Finally, my answering machine picks up. A monotone voice says,

“Hello. This message is for Maggie Lawson. This is the Harron Medical Center calling. We need you to return to the hospital right away. Please give us a call back at 1-800-427-7661, or simply return to the surgical wing.”

The answering machine beeps off as I’m putting on my robe. In the kitchen, there’s enough coffee for a single cup and some stale crackers. Everything else in the refrigerator is rotting. I haven’t been home in six days. 

After making myself the coffee, I decide to take a nice long bath after which I will watch television all day long.

When I get around to switching on the television, I make a point to skip over the daytime talk shows. For a while, I watch cartoons. At lunchtime, I order Pad Thai from my favorite delivery place, which also happens to be the only Thai place that will deliver to my neighborhood. I order a triple order so that I won’t have to worry about what I’m going to eat for dinner or the next morning. In the afternoon, I watch a variety of nature documentaries. 

At four I decide to catch up on the news. 

*...If you’re just tuning in, we’re at the Harron Medical Center where tragedy has struck over the last two days. A surgeon and his surgical team are dead. A floor nurse has been quarantined. Details are still coming in, but we’re talking to Harron’s Press Secretary, Herman Sithe.*

*“Mr. Sithe, can you tell us what happened?”*

*“It’s our great displeasure to announce that four of our staff have died in the past two days. All four were afflicted with a sickness we haven’t seen before. We have quarantined a nurse whom we believe is also infected.”*

*“How does this ‘sickness’ present itself? Where did it come from?”*

*“These staff members presented flu-like symptoms two days ago. At first, we thought it was just a bug. However, the five staff members showed symptoms not associated with a common flu.”*

*“Could you give us an idea of what those symptoms were?”*

*“The staff members showed a slowed response time and slight skin discoloration. One of our floor nurses has been quarantined pending further investigations.”*

*“Are there any other symptoms?”*

*“I’m sorry, we’re not able to comment further at this time.”*

*“Have funeral arrangements been made for the four staff members who died?”*

*“I’m not at liberty to discuss that at this time. Donations in their honor are being accepted by Harron Medical Center. Thank you very much.”*

*Harron Medical Center is accepting donations at any of the hospitals reception desks.We’ll keep you posted on the developments of this peculiar story.*

I recognize the floor nurse’s picture. It’s the same nurse that asked me why I didn’t use my call button. I recognize the surgeon as well, he was my surgeon. I don’t recognize the other three staff members, and I don’t understand why the report referred to “ a sickness”. What was that supposed to mean? It’s completely unspecific. When did they get sick? How did they get sick? Are other people in the hospital sick? Have I been exposed to something? The “skin discoloration” factor kind of bothers me too. I imagine five blue hospital employees in pink scrubs. The image makes me laugh. 

I spend the rest of the day watching cartoons and checking back to see if any new developments are reported. The story doesn’t come up again. I don’t call the hospital, and I don’t go outside. I keep thinking about whether or not I could have caught something at the hospital. Is that why they’re calling me? Do I only have a couple days to live? If that’s the case, I’d really like to know as soon as possible. I wouldn’t want to waste my last day doing chores or renewing my driver’s license. I want information on the news report, and I know how to get it. Onyx has a wide network. A very wide network.

I call Dan.

“Hey, I need you to do me a favor.”

“Well, hello to you too! Where the fuck have you been?”

“I was in the hospital! I called you from there, you said you were going to come by!”

“I did? What day was that?”

“Three days ago.”

“Oh, well I’ll come tomorrow.”

“I’m not in the hospital anymore...listen, I need a favor.”

“You know, you can’t call me and expect me to remember that I am supposed to do things. That’s what email is for. I need a written record of my appointments.”

“Well, sorry, but I thought that my being in the hospital would be something you might remember!”

“Apparently not. Anyway, you aren’t there anymore, so everything is all better?” I tell Dan about the surgery, the biopsy, and my escape. “Oh shit! Yeah, that thing on your throat did look pretty gross. So, you left the hospital, why?”

“Because it fucking sucked. I was bored and they were poking me...”

“And now they’ve left you a message?”

“Yes. Did you see the news report on Harron Medical Center?”

“No,” Dan sighs really loudly, and I realize that his short attention span has neared it’s end. 

“Ok well some people are dead, it’s strange, I need you to get some people at Onyx to look into it for me.” I want to tell Dan more, but I know him too well. He’s bored at the moment and probably needs a drink. He’d be more interested in my story if it included topless women and a pogo stick. 

“What the hell are you calling me for? You can’t call me for information, I don’t know shit. You need to call management.”

“Are you saying you won’t help me?”

“Listen, Maggie, I’d help you if I could, but if you want any kind of inside information, you’re going to have to call Eric.”

“Alright, I’ll call you later.”

“Okey Dokey Smokey, have a good ‘un.” I hang up the phone. Should I call Eric right now? I mean, I want information, but what if I’m just having some sort of medication induced paranoia attack? I’m actually feeling better than I have in a week. I decide not to call Eric or anyone else at Onyx just yet and get more Pad Thai out of the fridge. As I eat the cold noodles, I take a look at my calendar. If I’m not dying, I’m here for four weeks, then I’m supposed to go to DC and crash some political fundraiser. I’m not in the mood to think about it though, so I leave the dossier unopened in my email. 

I get into bed at nine thirty. Right up until I got sick, I was more of a night person. I used to go to bed around two or three in the morning, then head into work around ten or eleven. Onyx doesn’t have to set schedules. Everyone who works for Onyx is working twenty-four hours a day anyway. We’re perpetuating a movement, movements don’t have closing times. Tomorrow I should show up at the office. No one will notice if I don’t, but I’ve decided that I want to talk to Eric face-to-face if I’m going to ask him for a favor.

