#Chapter 9

Staring. Staring. Staring. It's been like five minutes since I hung up the phone, but I feel like it's been an eternity. Once you tell people you have a master plan, even if the master plan is "we're going on a road trip", it's a reality. At least, my plans always end up being a reality. For whatever reason, I have a hard time canceling things. People cancel on me all the time, but if I've committed to something, even a random doctor's appointment, I have to go. I absolutely cannot stand it to have to tell someone that I lied about what I would be doing at any particular time or day. I have been trying to stop being like that. I'm trying to start disappointing people. It's hard to disappoint people because people don't actually have any expectations of me. I only have expectations of myself, and I can't even define what those expectations are. All I know is that I'm failing to meet them most of the time, and I am disappointed. 

I've just realized that I haven't thought any of this through. I am going to be epically disappointed in myself if I don't talk to Eric first. I'm going to have to tell him that I'm checking out of Everitt and heading to Sonora. I'm going to need to inform Oscar too. 
Oscar is going to be easy, he's perfectly happy to communicate digitally. Eric and I are going to fight about it. I recall Eric's statement about me being bad. The clock says I've got at least another two hours before Eric comes home. We haven't talked, so I don't even know if my assessment of his return time is accurate. On second thought, I decide not to tell anyone *where* exactly I'm heading, though I'm quite sure both Oscar and Eric will track me down.

The best way to break uncomfortable news is to do it with food and wine, so I'm going to head to the grocery store. I immediately start freaking out about going to the grocery store. Every time I make a decision to go into public, I start freaking out. I have to remind myself that no one can read my thoughts. My shoes feel tight when I put them back on. 

Walking out the door I decide that my strategy is to prepare a nice dinner, be a nice person and kindly invite him to come along. He'll undoubtedly say "no", since there's too much going on at Onyx, but at least he won't feel like I just ditched him. I'm still not sure if I want a break from him, honestly. Moreover, I'm unsure of where we stand. 

I've been unlucky in love. I've had plenty of opportunities to bend myself to fit with another person, but over the years I've become less and less interested in having to "make it work". Seems to me that a truly healthy relationship is one where you don't have to explain yourself all the time, one where you just exist together. When I yelled at him in Carlos', I might have broken everything.

The grocery store's fluorescent lights make my head hurt as I hurry around trying to figure out what to make. I pick up six things then put them all back. I leaf through a magazine for ideas and see an ear of corn. With that insight, I decide that I'll cook salmon with avocado and corn salsa and potatoes. It's an easy meal that I've only made once, but it had turned out to be aesthetically pleasing as well as delicious. 

In addition to the ingredients I'll need for dinner, I decide to pick up some "survival kit accessories". If we're going cross country, we'll need chewing gum, duct tape, a few magazines, two bottles of vodka and three bags of gummy bears. Alternatively, I might just need the vodka and gummy bears, but I add the rest of the stuff to my basket anyway.

The basket is heavy. I wonder when someone is going to get around to inventing robotic shopping baskets that just follow you around in the store. They probably have them in Japan already, so why haven't we gotten them yet? Mnemonic keeps tabs on those kinds of things, so I make a mental note to spend more time with the super computer whenever I return from California – if I return from California. 

Everitt isn't the most exciting place in the world, but I've long since learned that no matter where one goes in life, one cannot run away from their own mind. When I was younger I moved around a lot, trying to escape from myself. I went to parties and drank a lot and didn't think about anything other than getting through each painful moment. I'm repeating every other day I've ever had. Maggie wakes up, forces herself out of bed, wastes time, laments on wasting time, does some one thing that seems productive, reflects on how nothing is productive, waits for time to pass. Killing time before death. That's the definition of life for me. 

The grocery store has muted televisions in the checkout line. The line is long, there are probably fifteen lanes, but only three are open. I'm standing in the cash only line. The screen above me is showing footage from the bus crash. The under third says "Bus crash linked to Harron murder". The woman behind me hits my heels with her cart.

"Ouch!" I say.

"The line is moving," she replies. There's no more than a foot and a half of space in between me and the guy in front of me. He's wearing a green bomber jacket with a patch of some club I don't recognize. He doesn't look particularly sinister. He looks tired. Tired like I'm tired. Tired of trying to understand the world. He's also buying two bottles of vodka, but his are the bottom shelf vodka. I didn't buy top shelf vodka, but I stopped buying the cheap stuff when I was sixteen and realized that if I only spent money on booze and rent, I'd be fine. Now I make enough money to buy the top shelf stuff, but I'm already in the habit of choosing whatever is mid-range. 

Mid-range. That's the word I should start using when people ask me how I feel. It's non-specific. People will read into it based on their own level of excitement.

I roll my eyes and continue to stare at the footage on the silent television. "You can watch TV at home," the old lady says.

Inside rage boils. This woman's presence unlocks my hatred for the common people. I try to tell myself that I am empathetic, that I can see the good in everyone, but I only see the good when I've had a conversation with someone. I know if I were to banter with this woman, I would be able to feel some semblance of connection. But I have no desire to banter. I imagine taking her head off with a samurai sword and kicking it towards the bagging area. 

I say nothing, I never say anything to these kinds of people. I know I'll be brewing about it for the next couple of hours, but I don't have the energy or wit to rattle off an appropriate comeback. I don't have the wherewithal to create fleeting connection. Besides, she's old. She's old enough that no matter what I say, she won't care. I can't wait to be old like her. I'm going to be the type of old person that does whatever the hell I want. The years between now and then will be spent learning how to stop caring so much about what the world around me thinks. Little by little, I am going to stop disappointing myself and start not caring.

I daydream as I wait for the cashier to finish ringing me up. Then I hand over the money and take my plastic bag home. As I'm walking back towards Eric's apartment it starts to rain. I'm only about six blocks away, but I manage to get soaking wet. I develop a squeak in my left shoe. It seems like an omen.

The lights are all on when I get back to the penthouse. I can't remember leaving all of them on, but figure I must have. Nothing looks askew.
 
"I just wanted to see how you were doing," I jump and spin at the same time. Jacob closes the bathroom door behind him.

"What are you doing here? You scared me half to death," the words come out irritated, my heart rate starts to slow. 

"I just wanted to see how you were doing," he repeats. "Dan said you're going on a road trip."

"Uh, yeah. We're leaving tomorrow," something isn't right. I'm not sure Jacob has ever been in Eric's flat before. The way he's looking around suggests he's judging it, and if he's judging it, it's because he's never seen it before.

"Where are you going?" Jacob's tone is quiet. Too quiet. Usually Jacob is manic. Excitable, friendly. At the moment he seems…a bit cold and aloof. 

"Cross-country. We're going to get out of town for a bit, see the sites…want a beer?"

"No. Cross-country? What like LA?" 

"No. We haven't decided the destination yet. You know, the journey *is* the destination," I lie. I hear a click and the front door opens. Before Eric has a chance to close it, Jacob strides across the room wearing a big, fake smile.

"Don't worry, man, I wasn't trying to seduce your girl, just stopped by for a friendly hello! I'll show myself out," and with that he walks out the front door.

---

"That was weird," I say.

"Yeah, he's never been here before. What'd he want?"

"He's never been here before? Well, he let himself in while I was at the store," I'm disconcerted. I shake it off and start unpacking the groceries and pulling out the stuff I'll need to cook with.

"Well, you know Jacob. He doesn't feel like he needs an invitation. What are you doing?"

"I'm cooking for you," I say absentmindedly.

"Why?"

"Why not?" Eric is looking at me expectantly. His mood seems to be playful, his presence is calming me down. I feel myself slipping back into a trusting intimacy. 

"Ok, I've only made this dish once before, but assuming my short term memory isn't broken from all the substances I've abused in my life, this shouldn't be too difficult," I joke.

"Well then, let's see if you've had ice cream scoops taken out of your brain."

"What?"

"I saw a documentary once about the effect of ecstasy on the human brain. When they were explaining how it affects the neurotransmitters, the narrator used the phrase 'like taking ice cream scoops out of your brain.' I thought it was a funny image, and probably a line from the Nancy Reagan War on Drugs Scripting Guidebook," Eric seems to be in a good mood.

"Wouldn't it be nice if the government open sourced all of the materials they developed in the eighties? I swear, we'd have some fantastic infographics to print on tee shirts and sell to hipsters."

"Yeah, and we'd have a zillion propaganda posters that are completely based in speculation rather than medical fact. Do you remember those 'this is your brain on drugs' commercials with the eggs?" 

"Oh yeah! Remember that one where the girl trashes her apartment with the frying pan?"

"Yeah, I never understood that one," Eric laughs.

"Me neither," I pause. I'm invigorated by Eric's good mood and decide to address our little tiff right off the bat. Cooking seems like a good activity to serve as the background track to this kind of conversation. I feel like if my hands are busy, I'll be able to remain calm. Especially since I'm too hungry to start throwing anything around. "So about the other night…"

"Listen, Maggie, I'm in this. We are going to fight about things. I know you. I know you're a little crazy and a lot self-involved and that you can't bring yourself to admit the feelings you have for me. It's ok. I love you anyway. I'll just wait," Eric is still smiling. I feel like he spent time thinking about this, I feel like I won.

"Well, then, we should probably just move on. Speaking of crazy, I've decided to get out of Everitt for a while, and I'm wondering if you want to come along."

"'Get out of Everitt' and 'For a while' are, unfortunately, too vague for me to make any sort of decision. Where exactly are you planning on going and for how long?" I can see that Eric is trying to remain calm, but there's a flicker of distrust in his eye. He knows that he's not going to be able to talk me out of it regardless of whether he decides to come or not.

"Dan is freaked out about the fact that we killed a guy, so we're going to jump in the Jeep and head West. To be honest, I just want a little vacation. I don't have some sort of grand vision, just want to escape for a bit."

"Ok. I get it. Maybe you and Dan should just go off the rails for a few days."

"For a few weeks."

"Right. Well, when are you planning on leaving?"

"Tomorrow."

"Jesus, Maggie. It'd be nice if you gave me any kind of leeway!" Eric isn't coming. I can hear it in his voice. He doesn't have the spontaneity to pick up and leave, and he's obviously disinterested in 'going off the rails'.

"How about this: We'll eat this lovely dinner, provided I don't burn it, which if I do, we'll just order in. Then we'll take a bath and play with our rubber duckies. I'll leave tomorrow, but come back in two weeks. No later."

"No later?"

"No later."

"And you'll call me from the road?"

"I'll call you every day. Twice a day. And if you decide you want to join us at some point, you just let me know and we'll book you a ticket to the closest airport. We'll wait for you to arrive, and then continue our adventure. Ok?"

"Sure, I'll stay here and work on the stupid InterVision project, you go galavanting around the US of A," Eric is smiling again, and I'm feeling relieved. Eric will distract himself with work, and we'll both avoid the Harron cover up. 

We spend the rest of the evening chatting about nothing at all. The salmon is delicious. We move into the bedroom after emptying a bottle of Riesling.

---

I spent the morning watching TV and reading about the secret lives of bees. I wasn’t reading the novel, just an article about how bees choose their new hives. It wasn’t interesting. Much more interesting was the fact that we stupid humans have managed to destroy the worlds’ population of bees, despite the fact that we need them for our agricultural endeavors. Around eleven, I headed into the office to talk to Oscar.

Oscar, as I suspected, didn’t give me any grief when I called him to tell him I was going off the grid for a couple weeks. He said he’d text me if anything came up and to have fun drinking vodka and eating gummy bears. I hadn’t told him about either of those purchases. When I asked him how he knew, he just said “You seem like the kind of person who wouldn’t go on a road trip without alcohol and candy.” When I pressed him on how he knew about the specific type of alcohol and the specific type of candy, he said “I’m stalking you.” I’m not sure if he was joking.

“Uh, so last chance. Do you want to come with Dan and me?” I’m standing in front of Eric’s desk. He didn’t look up from the document he’s reading when I came in. He didn’t look up as I stood here waiting.
Eric sighs a little dramatically. “I wish I could, I really do. But June told me about her plans with Scott Spencer, and I’m trying to figure out whether or not she’s going to need some real protection.”

“Does InterVision have a security team?” 

“Not like ours, but they’re being more secretive with these AR contact lenses than any other project they’ve ever done. June has been given briefings, but they’re edited. Truncated.”

“What could possibly be so interesting about fucking contact lenses?”

“I don’t know, but June isn’t exactly the most Machiavellian agent. She doesn’t think anyone suspects her of spying, but I’m not sure she would notice if they did.” Eric looks genuinely concerned for June’s well being. 

“Well from what I’ve seen of Scott Spencer, he’s not the sharpest tool in the shed. Tell June to..”

“Tell me to what?” June strides into the room with a stack of papers and an annoyed look on her face. “Like you have any idea what I’m doing with Scott.”

“Well, I was just going to say that you should sex him up. I bet he’d spill his secrets.”

“As much as I hate to admit it, you’re right. I’ve already started hitting on him. We have a date tonight.” June looks pleased with herself and Eric leans back in his chair.

“June, you’ve got to be careful with this! If InterVision finds out that you plan to steal their research and corrupt the government deal, you’re going to be in danger. Move slowly, don’t let Scott catch on.”

“Eric, I’m not an idiot. I know what I’m doing. I’ve been dating douchebags like Scott since I was in primary school. They’re very easy to manipulate.”

“We just want you to be careful,” I say. June rolls her eyes.

“I have most of the research already. I’m just missing context around what can be externally controlled through their AR programming. The plans aren’t complete, the software doesn’t exist. But they’re close to having the vision documented in a way that someone could build it.”

“Are you telling us that the government deals are signed?”

“No, I’m telling you that they will be as soon as InterVision can prove that their algorithm will work both through neuro-stimulation and a centralized command center.”

I realize that I have little idea of what these AR contact lenses are supposed to do and am out of my depth.

“Uh, ok. Well I’ll leave you to it. See you in a couple weeks.” I start to walk out.

“June, can you just give Maggie and me a few minutes?”

“Of course,” June doesn’t have a hint of irony in her voice and leaves the room promptly. 

Eric stands and comes around to where I’m standing. He wraps his arms around me and whispers, “Don’t forget, you said you’d call twice a day.”
