
#Chapter 8


I've been watching Jacob and Dan's conversation through the glass for the last half an hour. There are enough dividers between us, that I'm sure Jacob hasn't noticed my attention. Jacob looked up at me once, but I didn't let him catch my eye. Instead, I was shuffling papers and tapping a pen to the side of my head as if I were in some sort of pensive reverie. The papers were blank and the absentminded tapping actually hurt a little. I'm growing a pimple on my right temple. 

Jacob doesn't seem as relaxed as he usually does. Jacob is the kind of guy who rarely lets his irritation show. It's the last resort in solving a problem. He shows irritation only once he's been gentle, forgiving and mentoring in successive order. Once he's tried those three times to get someone to see his way, he starts to get irritated. You know his irritation level is rising when he starts being crass about a situation or a person. Once that starts there no going back. You can argue with him and try to convince him that the reasoning behind your assessment of said situation or person is because, dot dot dot, but if he has already started being crass it's too late.

This morning Jacob is wearing his red sneakers, which means he has a meeting with someone higher up the pecking order than he is. Jacob read once that wearing red shoes in business is an alpha move. He talked about the article flippantly at the time, but a month or two later, he appeared at the office wearing red shoes. For about a year he started wearing red shoes whenever the day promised a little internal intrigue or strife. When things were tough, he increased his red shoe days at the office. Then, he gradually stopped wearing red shoes for the internal stuff, and started saving them for the most important meetings. I know this because several of us make bets on what the leadership of Onyx would be doing this week. Dan, I, the proposal writers and the couple of data guys who actually use the five thousand dollar espresso machine in the eleventh floor kitchen have made some funny bets, much to my benefit. One time, there was a bet that Eric couldn't go more than four and a half days without wearing a sweater vest. Sure enough on day number four, Eric came back from lunch having changed his clothes and wearing a sweater vest. We continued watching that oddity occur until a couple weeks later when we bet that Jacob would come back from Miami with a new wife.

My office visits have been getting more sporadic with each passing day, and I'm realizing that the camaraderie of the past has slowed, especially these last couple of weeks. Come to think of it, I haven't seen many people in the command and control center at all. I make a mental note to eat lunch in one of the restaurants downstairs today. It's been a while, and maybe I'll run into some of my colleagues for a friendly chat. I have no intention of telling anyone else about what's going on, but I realize that my self absorption has made me particularly unobservant. I can't remember the normal bustle of the office. I've been too focused on the few people who know about Harron.

Inside of Onyx, there's no one higher than Jacob save the board. The board approved Jacob's plans and directions just last week. Therefore, Jacob must be meeting with someone outside of Onyx today. Given the red shoes, that someone has to be important, and Jacob doesn't attribute importance to any one with less than a hundred million dollars in their control. Onyx doesn't have a funding problem, and as far as I know, our work orders extend for at least three years. Onyx doesn't have much overhead and our staff makes enough money to never need to ask for a raise. 

While corporate greed might be a delectable part of most highly profitable companies, Onyx employees are specifically hired for their interests in social justice, fairness and peace. Money isn't a driving force here, though we all like the perks that come with being a tiny, but rich, corporate entity. A lot about Onyx is just for show. Years ago, before Onyx became a commodity for every organization or company dealing with sensitive issues in our expertise, the company had a small, tasteful office. There were no decoy cars. We didn't show up to many conferences. In fact, Onyx spent a lot of time in courtrooms. Our clients enjoy legal protection from Onyx - if we use a tactic that gets us in trouble, we clean up the mess. In the early days, Onyx had to manipulate its way out of lawsuits and courtroom bans, sometimes by paying settlements, sometimes with bribes. An analyst found data suggesting that pouring money into the corporate appearance would actually save money on these things, and he put together a stunning report with a likable strategy. Jacob decided to give it a try. He convinced the board, did a bunch of fundraising and put millions behind the idea that if it looks like a duck and quacks like a duck, it's a duck. Even our clients don't know our true size. At this point, the extensive Onyx network and Mnemonic databases can return data on multinational organizations within seconds, so we look like a well oiled machine. We are a well oiled machine, we just don't have a lot of human resources.

Jacob is a benevolent dictator, but a dictator nonetheless. He certainly respects and cares for his underlings, but he also carries all of the responsibilities for Onyx on his shoulders. Sometimes, he makes power plays to make sure people know he isn't as benevolent as they like to think he is. Something about his facial expression in the conversation with Dan makes me think that he doesn't particularly like the idea of Dan taking a leave of absence with me. But his expression is also telling me that he's agreed to it. My guess is that they're talking about current clients and who's going to pick up our slack. 

Fifteen minutes later, Jacob moves over to his desk, and Dan comes out of the office. He hobbles over to the coffee machine, makes an espresso and then makes a beeline to where I'm sitting.

"I thought I was supposed to *call* you when I was done here," Dan is smiling, talking and slurping coffee at the same time. 

"Yeah, well I thought I'd come in and see if Oscar was around," I lie before realizing it makes a good truth.

"So, what'd Oscar say?"

"Oh, uh, I didn't check for him yet." Dan rolls his eyes.

"You go find him, I'll wait for you in the kitchen."

"Are there donuts in the kitchen today, Dan?"

"Why the hell else would I wait there?"

---
"I hate technology."

"Me too."

It took less than a day for someone to juxtapose the short clip of me screaming about Harron and an infection with an accident that happened later that evening. After I was in a bed last night, a city bus drove into the median after the passengers got into a physical altercation. Everyone on the bus was dead, and, as it was a late night bus, there were no witnesses save a couple of teenagers who admitted to being high. 

As far as the news reports gathered, the teenagers had seen the passengers on the bus in some sort of a frenzy. They took little note as they were on their way to another party. That they even offered information is a miracle. No one heard the skidding wheels or subsequent crash that killed the four people on board, including the driver. I wonder about the environmental impact of late night transit. Three passengers on a city bus at three in the morning seems a little wasteful, though if you think about a carful of teenagers driving while high, that seems wasteful too. Or maybe it doesn't because no one was on the road anyway. They would have had to work hard for an accident if their stoner speak was to be understood. They were likely driving a mere thirty-five an hour. 

On Monday, reports had stated that all of the four people on the bus had completely normal autopsies. All had died from blunt force trauma. All were dead when a designated driver stopped at 3:17 a.m. and called in the accident. The driver was not held for questioning. She had no information beyond the fact that a bus had run into the median and there were people on board. 

The YouTube video, however, had amassed enough views that the news channels began reporting on "widespread speculation" as to the cause of the crash. 

It was a fanciful little piece. It opened with a scene from Shaun of the Dead, cut to me screaming and then pulled in helicopter footage from the crumpled bus on the highway. "What are the chances of blunt force trauma being the cause of death in all four passengers? Is Harron Medical Center reputable enough to perform our city's autopsies? Why aren't we allowed to see pictures of the deceased?" The voice over had a light reverberation, and the fifty-seven second film concluded with a loop of a news anchor saying "person of interest". The upload had been made through a proxy. 

"I doubt you'll be overjoyed or even surprised by the information Mnemonic has pulled up since you requested I look for disparate news stories," Oscar says, flipping through his notes. "The Harron stories and the bus crash have been tied together, as has the clip of you ranting at Carlos'. Mnemonic made this connection before the video was released. No surprise there." Oscar barely takes a breath before he continues, "Mnemonic also made a connection with two missing persons reports. One for a Ms. Mildred Glassing. She's 67 years old, unmarried, and missing for at least a week. Her granddaughter reported it. The other is for Mr. Ollie Craigs. He is between 60 and 65. He's the bartender at our pub."

"Our pub? Down the street, our pub?" Oscar gives me a look that reminds me I have no other history with him personally, and I feel slightly embarrassed. "That's odd."

"The connection being drawn between the missing persons reports is with your person of interest report. All three reports were released to the press on the same day."

"On the same day?"

"At the same time."

"Released to the press from the police department. At the same time. Coincidence?"

"Maybe. Listen, there's one more thing. Not from Mnemonic, but I was thinking," Oscar pauses, wondering if he should go further. "Do you recognize this woman?" He loads a picture on his laptop and turns the screen towards me. There's a picture of an elderly lady. She looks healthy enough, and she's smiling. She has deep circles around her eyes, and she's staring blankly at the camera despite the smile on her face.  

"She looks familiar."

"Where do you know her from?"

"I don't know her. I just feel like I've seen her before." I rack my brain trying to figure out why. I think so hard I feel my pimple pulsate. "I can't pinpoint it."

"I couldn't either," Oscar says quietly.

"What do you mean?"

"This is Mildred Glassing. When Mnemonic gave me her missing persons report I felt like I'd met her before. I've been trying to figure it out. I think she was in our pub the day we met. It's the only place outside of Onyx we've both been together."

"It would make perfect sense," I sigh a little dismissively.

"Why?" Oscar has already made the connection that the two missing persons were at the bar the same day we were. At this point I decide to fully trust him.

"You remember the cowboy guy that was there that day?"

"Who could forget that outfit?" Oscar smiles at the memory of the barflies we interrupted the day we met. I think he, like I am, is impressed with himself for not yet being an alcoholic. Perhaps the day will come but for now neither Oscar and I are *regularly* drinking a pitcher of beer at three in the afternoon.

"He's dead." Immediately Oscar turns the laptop towards himself and starts typing. The blue light flickers in his face for a few minutes, and I can see his eyes scanning the pages. He looks up.

"There's no obituary for a cowboy," he jokes dryly. "I just looked through all the folks reported dead since a few days before the press got ahold of the reports. He's not there."

"No."

"No? That's it? How do you know he's dead?"

"Well, Dan and I...I mean we kind of accidentally killed him," I watch carefully for his reaction. Oscar's left eyebrow raises ever so slightly, otherwise he's just looking at me with the same calm, superior look he always seems to have. I brace myself waiting for him to judge me, but instead he asks,

"What'd you do with the body?"

"I stuffed it in a shed and then had cleaners go for it," I feel a little relief that Oscar hasn't stood up and run away from me. I also feel relieved that he doesn't seem to be judging me. Instead, I've piqued his morbid curiosity.

"Well, tell me the rest!" he says impatiently, and I explain the grey, chompy, crazy-ass cowboy, the bird bath of death, and the shovel to the head. Then I show him my stitches.


---
Eric decided to stay at the office to make sure June's InterVision planning doesn't fly off the rails. I'm guessing she'll tell him that Scott Spencer is trying to recruit her and about the government contracts, but I don't know for sure. I consider for a moment whether or not I would tell Eric, but I just don't care enough. Plus I have no context. That's the thing about talking about people behind their backs, there's never a moment when your perspective and judgment don't muddy up the context of someone else's situation. I try to phrase my sentences in a way that demonstrates when I don't know what the hell I'm talking about. For example, I try to say "I believe she said," as opposed to "She said". Most of the time I don't say either, I just wait for other people to catch up to me.

Once again I've got Eric's sterile apartment to myself for the evening. No plans. No plans at all. Eric and I had had civil conversation for the rest of our dinner but last night had been otherwise uneventful. It felt chilly between us. This morning he gave me a quick peck while I was sleeping, hesitated near the door and then decided to leave without waking me. I had given him a pathetic wave at the office, but we hadn't spoken.

After hanging out with Oscar for most of the afternoon, I told Dan that I would catch him later. He had said "We're leaving tomorrow. Gotta get out of the populated areas you know." I had rolled my eyes and said "Uh huh."

Dan doesn't believe any of the apocalypse crap he's been spouting, he just wants to go on a road trip. I'm pretty sure he took the leave of absence because I am a good excuse to get away from Onyx business for a while and just hang around. We don't really turn off after work. We don't wind down.

Aside from my distractions over the last couple of weeks, my general obsession is Onyx and the industry. It's the same for everyone, we are all addicted to the network. We're addicted to knowing what people we've never met are saying about things we did or things we pretended to do. We shoot up attention. When we're not getting it, we're looking for it. We buy it, bargain for it. We say and do things for the sheer purpose of being noticed though we pretend pure altruism drives our lives. We judge ourselves based on how the network responds to us. We feel like we need the network to confirm our existence. 

Onyx is only one organization. Onyx is only one group of people that respond to the network the way the entire industry does. This addiction, this desperate need to have attention, hooks into our psyches like some sort of brain parasite. The work/life balance everyone talks about is really an online/offline balance. A community/family balance. A private/public sphere balance. An input/output balance. A spiritual/social balance. Every once in a while I need to shut out the rest of the world and focus entirely on only what's happening right this second, with just the person I'm with. 

Road trips are a great way to live in the present. I don't plan road trips. Once you pack the car and drive out of the city, anything can happen. If I'm using the term "road trip" I mean, "Let's have a general direction, but not set a route." Dan told me once that he agrees. We've often traveled together for work. He is exactly as negligent about planning as I am. After our first business trip to Rio de Janeiro, June asked us how big Jesus really is. Neither one of us could tell her, we didn't bother going to see Jesus – we were busy drinking rum and sugar out of raw coconuts on the beach. We'd done a few lines of coke in the favela near our hotel, but only after buying a guy a drink because he made cool sand castles. Otherwise, we hadn't seen much of Rio at all. 

Dan and I always have fun on the road, and I'm starting to think it might be time for me to get out of Everitt. Maybe just a week or two and then this whole thing with Harron will be settled. Maybe I just need a break from the intensity of Eric. 

"Hey! Niela!"

"Maggie? Holy shit, I thought you'd fallen off the planet or something! How are you?" 

"Honestly, there's a lot of weird shit going on, and I'm thinking I should get away for a bit," I don't want to tell Niela everything on the phone, but I know I'm not going to be able to hang up without some sort of explanation. 

"What kind of weird shit? Is that guy Dan hitting on you again?"

"No, but I started making out with the COO at Onyx, I think he's in love with me."

"Aren't we all. Seriously though, what's weird about that? It's about time you had a healthy relationship, even if it is frowned upon to sleep with the boss," Niela is half giggling. I can hear her imagining sexy, corporate intrigue. 

"Nothing weird about that, there's other stuff going on. I was sick for a while...I'm fine now though, just was thinking maybe I could come for a visit."

"Of course you can! When? I'll clear my schedule," Niela is excited. 

"We're leaving tomorrow."

"Who's 'we'? Are you saying I actually get to meet Mr. Corporate Big Shot Love Pants?"

"Heh. No, I'm coming with Dan."

"Finally, I'll get to meet that crazy fuck," Niela and I had talked about Dan in the past. I saw through his crass, chauvinist attitude the day I met him. I responded rapidly, in kind, and Dan and I had been friendly ever since. At first he'd hit on me, but the more we got to know each other, the more Dan realized that we'd never, ever have a romantic relationship. His advances became a mere joke between us. That's why I knew that our drunken escapade in Kuala Lumpur wouldn't ruin anything. I'd told him to forget it, he'd at least pretend like he had. "Cool. Well, should I pick you up at the airport? Send me your itinerary? How come the COO isn't coming? What's his name anyway?"

"Good god, slow down! We're driving, so it'll be a couple days. His name is Eric, and I haven't told him I'm leaving yet. I haven't informed Dan either, come to think of it. This is an impulsive phone call."

"No worries. I know how you are. So? Are you going to invite *Eric* or are you going to let him think there's something up with you and Dan?" Niela knows me too well. She's wrong at the moment, I have no intention of playing with Eric's mind.

"I'm not sure if I'll ask Eric if he wants to come...I don't know, it's been super intense. I might need a step back for a minute, hence the spontaneous trip."

"Jealous! Ok, how about this – instead of coming to the city, head to the Hollow. You know where I used to hide the key?" The Hollow is Niela's getaway. It's a house up in the Sierra Nevadas that Niela bought with her ex. Nathan and Niela are still close friends. He is a little bit redneck, a little bit punk rock, and they spend more time together now than they did when they were romantically involved. They share the house and all the toys that are stored there. They have a couple of four-wheelers, motorcycles, a speedboat, guns, gear and all the camping equipment a person can purchase.

"Yeah, I know where you used to hide the key. What about Nathan? Is he around?"

"Naa, he's hanging in Bolivia. He met some girl and they headed down there to see his parents. I haven't heard from him in a while. They've been gone for at least a month, but even if they show up there's plenty of room," Niela pauses for a moment and breathes in deeply. "So look, whenever you get to Sonora, just give me a call. I'll make sure I can call in my meetings next week, and I'll head up whenever you get there." 

Niela lives in the South Bay, but commutes to San Francisco nearly every day. Her parents moved to the U.S. from India, so she's a mix of traditional Sikh and All American Girl. Her exotic beauty has captivated many a man, but her psychotic depression and overwhelming need for control has also driven people away. Niela is intimidating to most people, her hyper perfectionism makes her impossible to please. I've known her for so long, I know where it all comes from, and I don't let her intimidate me. 

Her father was a psychiatrist, her mother a good wife, her brother the son in the family, and Niela was hampered by all the pressures that belong to an upper caste Indian daughter. The first time Niela and I met, when we were thirteen, we were both ditching gym class and the rest of the day as it turned out. She saw me riding up the escalator in the mall, waited for me and the asked me "Aren't you the girl who has HIV?". I had said no and started to walk away, when she said, "Well that's what they say about you, you know." I had then told her what "they" said about her. We started hanging out after that.

She wears power suits and is obsessively organized, but she loves cutting loose whenever I'm around. We're family. Over the years we've done everything from stealing bricks off a construction site (we needed them to build our hedgehog a house) to getting friendly with gas station attendants (free hotdogs every morning!) to trying out all the manic panic hair dye at once (result equaled Niela and Maggie: Rainbow Edition).

We don't see each other often. The last time we were in the same room together was a couple years ago when I had a meeting in San Francisco. She came for the evening, and we drove around in her SUV chatting and catching up. It was an uneventful visit, but only because we'd only had a few hours together. If she'd taken the train, and not had a 7am meeting, we would have hit every bar in the Mission District and ended up dancing to Industrial music at four in the morning.

After I hang up with Niela, I call Dan. "Alright dude, you've convinced me. I'm ready to go somewhere."

"Not surprised. I knew all I had to do was say 'machete' and 'road trip' in the same sentence and you'd be chomping at the bit. I think we should go to Arizona and buy a cactus, I hear they're the new must-have trend item," Dan's been reading the tabloids. I'd seen the Cactus Trend all over Ok Weekly, In Touch and Star Magazine covers too.

"Nope, we're heading to the mountains," I inform him.

"We're in the fucking mountains. I don't wanna go to mountains. I wanna do desert!" 

"Too bad. Pick me up tomorrow, 1 p.m." I hang up without waiting for him to answer. We've got a good two days worth of driving whether we head towards Arizona or California, so it's not like Dan and I are going to solve the destination problem right now. Besides, I always win these types of discussions. I wear the pants in all of my relationships.
