
#Chapter 17


"So, uh, hey Jacob," I say. "What the fuck are you doing here, man?" What so often put me at ease over the last few years, his smooth demeanor and relaxed stance, is making me cringe. 

"Well, I've been waiting for my team to show up, of course. You did a great job, I loved the Molotov thing. So cool."

"We tested that, diamond encrusted morning stars, it is pretty fucking cool." Dan says.

Mike and Jacob are both smiling at us. It's creepy. The hairs are standing up on the back of my neck. I hear Mage rustling around at the bar. The *clink clink clink* of ice cubes landing in a glass seems deafening to me.

"Well, listen," Mike says to Jacob, "your team really is a creative bunch. We'll fix up our vulnerabilities and correct the ventilation things, and then we should be good to go."

"What are you talking about?" I ask Mike directly. "By the way, I'm Maggie, one of the people sitting here whom you are talking about in the third person."

Jacob turns to me. "So the thing is, Maggie, Mike and I have a lot in common. We met a few years ago and since then, well, we've become pretty good friends."

"So, the thing is, Jacob," Dan interrupts, "Intervision is creating augmented reality eyewear that is already being used for neuro-manipulation."

"I know, it's cool right?"

"Oh goddamnit! You're not really a wanker are you?"

"You think mind control is cool?" I pick up, "You don't see how that might go wrong?" I'm trying to understand Jacob's angle. The depth of his betrayal. There's something wrong here, but maybe I'm just misunderstanding the situation. Maybe it's not as bad as I think. Maybe it's not strange to be sitting on a modernist leather couch in a dark, hidden facility at like five in the morning with Jacob and the weirdest fuck evil guy in tech. Maybe the government contracts and the augmented reality contact lenses and the sheer douchebaggery of people like Scott Spencer are all propaganda. But Onyx fights these kinds of companies, we're built for it. There has to be an angle here.

"It'll only go wrong, Maggie, for the poor peasants that are taking up too much space." Jacob erases the doubt.

"WHO you fucking wanker. 'Who are taking up space'. You're talking about people. They aren't objects you shit brain." The wild look in Dan's eye is slightly more wild than I'm used to. I can see his anger boiling just under the surface. I can see him nearly losing control of his sardonic humor and then pulling back ever so slightly in an attempt to not get killed.

"Too much space?" I ask, sincerely, "what do you mean?"

"Imagine a world, Maggie," Jacob keeps saying my name. It's starting to irritate me. "Imagine a world where everyone is wealthy. Everyone has servants and leisure and luxury. Everyone has their own beach and their own buildings. Places they can invite the friends they want to have around without randos showing up. Places where they can just *be* without being annoyed by the masses."

"Well that doesn't make much sense," I say. " Unless the servants are all robots."

"Precisely!" Mike jumps up and sits back down again. "Cybernetic symbiotic organisms designed to serve. Personalized and in perpetual servitude." As if on cue, Mage sets my Shirley Temple on the table in front of me and hands Dan his beer.

"Nice dream, wankers, didn't you ever see Terminator? Remember how in T2 that liquid dude was fucking liquid and had a hard-on for John Conner as a kid?" 

"What?" I ask.

"I mean, if the liquid dude had been synthesized with John's DNA maybe..." Dan looks at me and I can tell his brain has been distracted by the personalized robot idea, Terminator 2 and man entertainment slash reality mashup happening in real time. I have to admit, I'm distracted too. The concept of cybernetic symbiotic organisms is kind of brilliant, puzzles have been solved here. Everyone I've ever met who actually knows about Mage always wanted to have one. Mike Franzel has the keys.

"It would have been about the same, no?" I say to Dan. "A robot can't empathize no matter whose cells it's been programmed to understand. If it's programmed to kill, it's going to do that."

"Are we sure about that?" Jacob asks.

"Sure about what?"

"That our personalized robots won't be *connected* to us in some sixth sense kind of way?"

"Yeah," I say, "we're sure." 

Dan chugs his beer, "Mage, bring me a bigger beer." 

"Right away, sir." Mage is the ultimate best buddy, I understand the attraction. 

"She's a gem, isn't she?" Mike is visibly excited, "A real gem...and to answer your question, Dan..."

"That's Mr Hewes to you!"

"Well, to be honest Skynet was the inspiration for the ultimate limitation."

"What the fuck is the 'ultimate limitation'?" Dan asks.

Jacob and Mike smile broadly and glance at one another.

"Not everyone can afford to live in our new world. Some will be limited by their status. It's better for the planet and the new society if we go ahead and let a decent sized portion of the human virus eliminate itself. That's what they are, you know, the masses. Just a virus of a species. Stupid, dirty people who pollute everything. Consumer trash monsters."

"Besides," adds Jacob, "there isn't enough coastline for billions and billions of people."

"Oh for fucks sake is this lame," I say. "The fucking data shows that the new generations are the most ecologically conscious. The world is improving, has been for decades. The 'human plague'," I make air quotes, "is a cliched science fiction movie idea."

"You are absolutely right," Mike smiles at me, "and you're the one who convinced us that simplicity is best."

I shudder. I've given them ideas about genocide? A world wide mass murder? How? I stare at them dumbfounded. 

"Now that's rich," Dan fills in the silence, "how'd this amazing piece of human give you some lame idea like that?"

"I don't know how you did it, Maggie dear, but you're the one who started our ultimate limitation for us. And you, Dan..."

"Mr Fucking Hewes goddamnit! You scum suckers don't have me on a first name basis anymore!" With the wild anger getting the better of him, Dan raises his gun and points it at Jacob's head. Immediately the guards surrounding the room take four steps in. In perfect sync, they raise their weapons, AK-47s, and aim at Dan. I lean over and pat him on the arm. We both know that we're holding our lives in our own hands here. We still don't have the full story and these egomaniacs are definitely going to tell us the rest of the story if we just keep calm.

"Now, now..." He lowers the gun. 

"You fuckers," Dan says to the guards, "automaton morons." 

"You, *Mr Hewes* seem to be immune to this little lady's charms. We're going to keep you both nice and safe while we figure out an antidote to this sickness you've been spreading around."

"There are over seven billion people on the planet. It's going to take a bit of time." Jacob smiles at me. He looks completely normal, like he always has. I get the feeling he's always been a maniacal monster, that I misjudged him. I, and everyone I've worked with at Onyx, called that look in his eyes charismatic or eclectic. Brilliant. But it's not brilliance, it's psychosis. 

"It's going to take a bit of time," Jacob repeats, "but Mnemonic said it shouldn't take too terribly long, now that we have parallel strategies." 

---
"So!" Jacob slaps his knees and leans forward, "Shall we take a little walk?"

"Yes," says Mike. "Let's reunite your colleagues!"

Eric. June. They must be nearby. I look at Dan. I can see thoughts running around in his head, and he seems to be calculating the situation just as I am. We only need to get June and Eric, and then we can get the fuck out of here and find some support. I'm not delusional enough to think that they're just going to let us leave, but I'm remembering the access road that is somehow attached to this building and the underground power grid that's northwest of us. We need to get back into a place where Oscar can be our eyes.

Oscar. I check my radio unit, it's been on, but not in send mode. Besides, it only has short wave frequencies and barely any channels. I feel a bit of shame that I even had to think about it. There's no way that Oscar could have been listening.  We lost contact with him as soon as we stepped out of the elevator. He told us that would happen.

Jacob stands up and looks at me. 

"Come on now. We'll even teleport Oscar in for this next bit."

"This next bit?" I ask.

"Yeah! Reunion time!"

The rest of us stand up and Mike takes the lead. "Right this way," he says and beckons us towards the hallway. We head out of the circular room and the doors close behind Mage. There are no guards in the hallway, the five of us are alone. Mage rolls silently behind the rest of us as we head down the hallway. Before the doorway at the other end, Mike opens a door to the left and reaches inside. 

"Just a second," and he stands there looking into the room. A minute passes and then another robot rolls out. This one is just a screen on top of a moving base. "What's the number?"

"I don't know," Jacob shrugs, "Maggie, what's Oscar's teleconference code?"

"17-24-fuck-you," Dan answers. 

"17-24-59-12," I say. Mike repeats the numbers to the robot followed by the name of the teleconferencing platform Onyx uses. Mike steps to the side and Jacob takes position in front of the screen. It flickers. Oscar comes into view. Dan and I are between the rolling robot and Mage, just out of view of the new robot's camera.

"Alright?" Oscar says without looking up, "What can I do for you?"

"Hey Oscar," Jacob answers and Oscar swivels to look at his camera. His face fills the screen. I see him smile.

"Oh Jacob! It's nice to, er, see you as a human head."

"You too, Oscar. I wanted to personally thank you for the work you've put into Operation Knitwear. I know that Maggie  and Dan have valued your support as well."

"That's ok," Oscar says. "Hopefully we'll hear from them soon."

"You can hear from us now!" Dan says and starts to take a step. 

"Mage, constrict." Mike says calmly.

Mage puts its hand on Dan's shoulder and stops him from moving. I feel Mage put its other hand on my shoulder. It presses down painfully.

"Sorry, guys, but Oscar can only hear Jacob at the moment. We've got some killer directional microphones here at Intervision." Mike speaks across Jacob in a normal voice. Oscar doesn't seem to notice.

Dan struggles and Mage presses one of its digits into a pressure point on his neck. Dan rants a bit and I shush him.

"It's been a helluva ride so far," Jacob says, "As you can imagine, I'm a very busy person, so I don't have tons of time. But I wanted to tell you to be on the lookout for a package. It's a little thank you, should be there any moment."

"Oh wow, cool, ok, thanks."

"No problem. Now go ahead and keep watching the channels, I'd expect our colleagues will be contacting you soon."

"Thanks a lot Jacob, the call really means a lot to me."

"See you on the other side," and Jacob disconnects the call. Mike directs the screen robot back into its closet and dusts off his hands. 

"What was the point of that?" I ask.

"Yeah," says Dan, "what about our reunion?"

Jacob shrugs, "I guess we lied a little about the All Hands Reunion. Oscar is done now."

"What do you mean?"

"His delivery is a bullet to the head. Should be there in," Jacob looks at his watch, "five minutes or so. Couldn't help it. He's a good kid, but too curious, too smart, and knows way too much about you all."

It hurts. Oscar is a couple thousand miles away. I'm not going to be able to save him, and I'm the one who got him into this. 

"What do I have to do to save him?" I ask.

"Sorry, Disease," Jacob reinstates my new pet name, "we just don't need him anymore. Nothing to be done."

"How about this," Dan says calmly, "if you let Oscar live, I won't remove your fucking eyeballs with a tea spoon and a bottle of apple vinegar."

"Oh now really," Mike interjects, "there's no reason to make threats. We don't have vinegar down here, let alone apple vinegar."

"Again," I say, "what do I have to do?"

Jacob ignores me completely. "Ok, let's move on."

"Mage, you can let them go now."

"Yes sir," the robot says as it releases both of us and scoots back a fraction of an inch. 

"Mage, bring me some cashews," Dan says.

"Ignore that last command, Mage." Mike turns to Dan, "Really now. We'll have some dinner later. Let's not spoil your appetite Mr Hewes." Mike talks to Dan as if he's a small child, something Dan hates more than anything else. I raise an eyebrow at Dan and then, aware of my expression, resume a blank face. Dan winks at me. He's understood my thought and registered it. Mage is programmable through voice, and apparently Mike has told Mage to respond to us today.

Jacob pushes open the doors, and we step into what seems to be a final room in the basement facility. There are six, state-of-the-art cells in the room, three to the left, three to the right. Each cell has a plexiglass front with some sort of intercom system and keypad.

"Here we are!" Jacob says, stopping at the first cell on the left and looking inside, "Aren't they amazing!?"

Inside lolling around in close proximity are three people. There's a man and a woman, somewhere in their forties and a younger man, maybe eighteen or nineteen. They don't look like people. They're transfixed on nothing. They're grey. They're just swaying gently. 

"Watch this, may I?" Jacob turns to Mike.

"Of course brother, show them the fun." Mike smiles broadly and rocks back on his heels.

Jacob holds a button on a the cell's intercom system and says "Hi!" In a loud, jovial voice. Instantly, all three of the people inside snap to attention. The woman runs immediately towards the glass and smacks into it. Her corpulent body squishes into the window as she strains to snap her jaws at the glass. The others come closely behind, scratching over each other. Mouths hanging open and a dead, unseeing look in their eyes. Jacob, still holding the button, starts laughing and the people keep banging and squirming into the glass. There's something familiar about the woman and the older man. Through the speaker, we can hear low guttural groans and trachea tics. Animalistic noises joining with the dry drool and hissing puss coming from their mouths. They look into us without seeing anything. Mouths gnashing against the glass. The woman starts bleeding thick, black blood from her mouth. 

"Oh and watch this," Jacob says excitedly as he looks around the room. "Mage, go get me the stepladder." Mage turns and heads back into the hallway. Seconds later the robot returns with a stepladder from the closet just outside the cell block. 

"Here you are sir," Mage says as she opens the step ladder near the intercom. Jacob releases the intercom button and though I can still see the people thrashing around and making noises, the room we're in returns to silence. Jacob scoots the ladder into place and climbs onto it.

I turn to look at the other cells. The one behind me and the one next to it both have three people in them. I can't see anyone inside the cell next to the one we're currently standing at.  

"Do you mind?" Jacob says, looking at Dan's gun.

"Actually," Mike says, "it's probably time we take that anyway."

"Canta-NOPE," Dan says, pulling his gun back from Mikes grasp. "I'll be keeping my gun, thankyouverymuch."

"Fine," Jacob makes an overdramatic sigh, "Maggie, give me your gun."

"I'd rather not."

Mike cocks his head. "Obviously, you don't have a choice. Give it to him willingly, and I won't have Mage take it from you and shoot Dan in the head."

"Why me!?" Dan whines.

"You might be immune, but we can figure out why without you actually being alive. Besides, you're not as funny as you think you are." Mike's tone shows a growing annoyance towards Dan's general existence, and genuine happiness about that spreads throughout my body. He turns to Jacob, "Can I..." Jacob shakes his head, but the happiness turns black and I feel afraid for Dan's life. For all the times I've thought about killing him for being annoying, Mike has decided to do it. I consider whether or not I can save him, and then shake the dark thoughts away. There's no use in being upset now. It won't help either of us. At the moment, Dan gets to stay alive, I just don't know for how long. 

I hand Jacob my gun, fully aware that the clip is completely full. Dan's clip is only missing a single bullet, he'd shot that one guard. Between us we have twenty-nine rounds. 

Jacob opens a shoebox size slat in the top of the plexiglass window, and we can hear the chilling groans seeping out. Jacob points my pistol through the slat, aiming at the woman, who is still gnawing at the glass in front of me. The angle is weird, but he fires and hits the woman in the back of her left shoulder. Her fat flaps a bit when the bullet strikes, but nothing registers on her face. 

"Wait, wait!" Jacob exclaims, "Watch!" He puts six more bullets into her, spraying her left shoulder. He hits in a careful circle, and a chunk of bulk falls off her. Still, she continues gnashing at the glass as if a fly had landed on her and then flown away. 

The older man, wearing a white tank top turned grey, refocuses his attention, if it can be called that, towards the place Jacob's pistol hand is coming into the room. He enunciates a gnarled sound, takes a few steps and starts trying to get his brawny arms to wrap around Jacob's hand. Jacob is safely out of reach. The man jumps and jumps.

"They've got no spatial faculties at all! Look at him, he'll never reach me and yet he keeps trying!" Jacob nonchalantly shoots two more rounds into the woman's flesh. 

"Stop shooting her!" The scene has become too much. These disgusting, drooling, discharging bodies still resemble people. 

"She doesn't mind, do you honey?" Jacob shouts into the slat and then empties another two rounds into her neck. Still she claws at the glass alongside the younger man. "But wait," he says, turning his gun towards the older man, who is still jumping and trying to catch the barrel of the gun. Jacob shoots him, square between the eyes and the man falls to the floor. 

All at once I see the three people as a family. The kid and the woman chomping at the glass look similar in the face. Their jawlines match somehow. The man, with his matted mullet haircut, lying on the floor with blood seeping slowly down the left side of his face, jars something in my brain. I've seen him before. 

"Wait...I..."

"I've seen him before!" Dan exclaims, "Where have I seen this dude before?"

"Well we picked up these folks up outside of Nashville, y'all," Jacob turns back to us and points to the cell behind me, "and that guy over there we got in the desert, and those folks," Jacob makes a sweeping gesture.

"...we picked them up in Denver." Mike finishes Jacob's sentence. "We've got another couple dozen of these fascinating victims of yours."

"A couple dozen? Where?" I ask.

"Oh, don't worry about it. They're secure." 

Jacob empties the last two bullets of my clip into the dead man's chest and then hands the gun back to me. "There you go, Maggie. Thanks."

"I'm guessing it'll take a couple of months to get through the ultimate limitation," Mike says, "but that's the conservative estimate. I mean, this disease you've been running around with is crazy *ansteckbar*."

"Of COURSE you speak German," Dan yells, "no cliche is more cliche than evil German cliche!"

Mike rolls his eyes, "Seriously, Jacob, just..."

"Dan gets to have another few minutes," Jacob says calmly from his perch on the ladder. We haven't had our reunion yet!"

Eric. June. 

Mike claps his hands and jumps lightly like an excited child. I look at Dan. His knuckles are white on the gun.

---
Jacob steps down from the ladder and pushes his hands deep into his pockets. Standing side by side, thin smiles on both their faces, Mike and Jacob look like brothers. Jacob furrows his brow and looks at me without saying anything at all for a few moments. Mike mirrors Jacob's stance and rocks gently back and forth on the balls of his feet. 

"Now I have to warn you," Jacob says seriously, "June's wardrobe isn't as pretty as it used to be, and I'm afraid Eric was a bit....resistant."

"What have you done to them?" I hiss through my teeth. I feel the adrenaline kick up a notch at the mention of Eric fighting back, and my mind pieces together, like a series of chess moves, a series of probabilities that might get us out of here alive. 

"They showed up at such a convenient time and in such a convenient state. I couldn't have planned it better myself," Mike explains. "We'd just figured out that a tear in the skin was enough to cause infection."

"What? I don't understand," Dan says what I'm thinking.

"I mean, we had this guy over here," Mike waves a hand at the first cell on the right, "and we had him in a room. Then Bethany, poor greedy girl who thought Onyx was going to give her more undeserved money," I turn to look in the cell and sure enough I recognize Bethany, the janitor from Harron, grey skinned and skulking in the front corner. "Well, I gave her a little blood brother cut, which was a waste of my time."

"See, those folks they'll splay you alive if you go anywhere near them. Hence the glass," Jacob taps on the cell to animate his point. 

"Yes, well, we stuck Bethany's hand through there," Mike indicates to the shoebox sized slat at the top of the other cell, "and just let her sit for about twenty minutes. There was no other contact with our friend there," Mike waves again to the man swaying next to Bethany in the cell, "until she was already sick. Then we just put her in there."

"What's this have to do with Eric and June?" Dan asks quietly.

"Oh, the guards brought them down here when Bethany was at the last stages of transformation. She suddenly got real slow and dimwitted in her brain and then BAM," Mike claps loudly, "the woman just dropped. Face meet floor. Eric and June got to see it first hand."

"Yeah, Eric got a bit pissed off and Mage here had to force the both of them into..." Jacob takes three big steps back towards the last cell on the left, "ta da! Here!"

I step forward slowly and carefully. It only takes me a few steps forward and one to the right to see that there are two people in the last cell. Looking through the glass, I see June and Eric, both shells of themselves. Like the others, they're lolling in their cell seemingly unaware. They're in close proximity but living in their own separate worlds. 

June's dress, a jade flowered print stained with blood and fluids I'm not entirely sure are natural, is ripped and her left breast is hanging out. Gigantic and sagging, the perk gone, I see threads of skin are barely holding in the silicon bag of her implant. Fabric drags across her stomach as her chest heaves with gravely looking breaths. I feel my jaw drop at the sight of her. June, who was always perfectly put together, is lurching back and forth. She's wearing a broken, golden sandal on one foot and her other foot is turned beneath her ankle in an unnatural angle. A charm bracelet dangles from one grey hand. 

I take a sharp breath in and turn my attention to Eric. His head is hung at a strange angle and as I step closer, I see a flash of bone beneath his fully exposed neck muscles. His back is turned towards us, and I take another step to see more of him. He's wearing a free floating sleeve on his left arm with half of his button down shirt completely missing. A small strip of fabric holds the sleeve on. The exposed side of his torso is riddled with scrapes and marks and raw bone. I see three ribs coated in the same opaque greenish pus everyone in this condition seems to have coming out of all of their orifices. The flesh around the exposed insides is slightly black fading out to what I now deem to be the healthy part of the skin, the dull, lackluster grey parts. A sweater vest lies at his feet.

In an instant I know that he's gone and so is June, even if we were to find an antidote in the next five seconds. I feel my eyes welling up and I press my tongue hard to the back of my teeth. I open all the mental compartments I have and stuff every bit of the sorrow into them. *Not now* I think so loudly I'm almost sure the others can hear me. *Now is not the time to grieve.*

Spinning in my mind, I see Dan turning slowly and his arm raising his gun towards Jacob's head. 

"Mage," Mike commands, "take Mr Hewes' firearm from him please."

"Yes sir," Mage turns towards Dan and says politely, "Mr Hewes, I've been requested to take your firearm. If you do not comply, I'm afraid I will have to take it by force." Dan lowers his arm but makes no movement towards Mage's outstretched hand.

"You know," Jacob says, "Are you sure you don't want to join us? Because it's going to be a sweet life, and you'd get to keep your weapon."

"Yes, we're sure," I answer for Dan.

"Why?" Jacob is pushing my buttons. 

"Because, Jacob, our brains, our bodies, our very species are special." I swallow hard and look at Eric. "Even these poor people might be saved..."

"Doubt it," Mike interrupts dismissively. "I have a feeling this monologue is going to be boring," he says rolling back on his heels and turning towards the first cell where Bethany and two others are stumbling about. He mutters something under his breath and takes a few steps across to the other cell. 

"Mr Hewes, your weapon please?" 

"These 'poor people'" Mike says, mimicking my voice, "aren't worth the shoes they're standing in." He leans his forehead on the glass and Bethany registers his shape. She moves, slowly, towards him and with a deafening scream we can't hear, she runs full force into it, cracking her forehead on the glass. A splatter of blood coats the inside of the glass near his face, but Mike Franzel doesn't move. 

"It's true," Jacob says, a bit sadly as if he's tried everything else to make the world a better place, "it's going to be better for everyone. The privileged and their AI will go forth in a refurbished world."

"Artificial intelligence," I continue, "even 'symbiotic' cybernetics, aren't going to make humans unnecessary. Interesting, intelligent, unique humans. Humans like Dan."

Dan smiles. "You know," he says, "I am feeling rather special right at this moment. Mage?"

"Yes sir?" The robot says, stretching out its hand a little further.

"Mage, how many queens can you position on a thousand by thousand square chess board in a way that they can't attack each other?" Dan spits the question. With a fierce quickness, Mike spins around, "Mage do not..." but it's too late.

"Computing sir," Mage says, its outstretched hand frozen in midair. The robots eyes flicker wildly as it starts to compute the answer to the most well known example of an impossibly complex problem. 

"You stupid asshole," Mike yells, sprinting towards Dan, his hands outstretched as if he is planning on strangling him. I clothesline Mike, and his weight hits the floor. I spin and grab for Dan's gun, which he releases into my hand and I put two bullets into Mike, both in the chest. His eyes go wide with surprise as he falls to his knees, "I...Jacob..." Before he can say another word, I put a bullet in his brain.

"Triple tap!" Dan smiles, and turns toward Jacob. Jacob has backed up to the keypad of June and Eric's cell. He's looking me right in the eye. I have Jacob's forehead in my sights.

"Jacob, how about you get to live?"

"How about you get to die?" Jacob pushes a button, and the door swings open. He yells loudly, then moves away and June and Eric shuffle out of the room. 

"Ew ew ew!" Dan is screaming as June comes towards him, "I don't like you anymore!" Eric ables towards me, the sweater vest caught on his left foot. He reaches his arms out to me, and I grimace as I shoot him in the chest, then move around him to his right. The vest is left behind as Eric spins to track me. Jacob is trying to move back towards the entryway, but Dan is holding June off at arms length and in his way. I kick Eric in the chest, and he staggers backwards clipping Jacob's leg and falling. Eric rolls to his side and slithers around on the floor, grabbing Jacob by the leg. Jacob, deft and determined, kicks away, but Eric struggles back up. 

I have my back on the far wall from the entryway and am aiming my gun at June. I'm distracted as Eric bearhugs Jacob from behind, trying to rip into his neck. Jacob twists and breaks free, holding off Eric with one hand and grabbing the sweater vest off the floor with the other. In a single, smooth maneuver, he pulls the vest over Eric's head and twists it hard at the neck. Eric's body slumps to the floor as his head breaks free and does a short bounce before it comes to a halt right at June's feet. I look up and into her dead eyes. She doesn't look back at me. Dan has gotten himself free of June, and she's propelled herself straight into the aftermath of Eric and Jacob's fight. Jacob doesn't have time to let go of the sweater vest before June is on top of him, her front teeth tearing the flesh from the exact center of his collarbone.

I put two rounds in her head, and she slumps to the floor with Eric.

---
"I can't believe you saved me," Jacob says looking down his chin at the bite wound.

"I didn't," I pause a beat, "Dan, I think we should probably leave Jacob here while we go get some help for cleanup."

"What are you talking about? We need to get you two to the lab right away!" Desperation has never been part of Jacob's MO, and he's speaking the same way he's always spoken. As if he is the boss. 

"We're not going to the lab with you or your people, we need to get some help first." Dan is pushing Jacob towards the cell that Eric and June had been in. "We're going to need you to stay here."

"Now wait a minute, that doesn't make any sense at all. I know the lab people! I know the scientists! I know what we need to do to cure this!"

"Oh really? What do we need to do?" Dan stops, holding Jacob and looking into his face.

"Well, let's just head down there and then I'll..."

"Nope, wrong play, Jacob!" Dan shoves him into the cell and closes the door. He holds down the intercom button, "If you just would have told me straight out, I might have..."

"We need to take some of Maggie's blood, and have a look...it's a complicated..."

"Nope, you're done for now. We'll figure things out and then see if you're still alive to benefit." Dan releases the intercom button, so we can't hear Jacob pounding on the glass and yelling at us. I look at him for a moment, watch his eyes grow large and his hands flatten onto the glass. *Please* he mouths to me, and I turn back to Dan.

"Did you get a scrape?" I ask.

"Not even. Did you?" He's looking at me seriously.

"Nope, floated like a little butterfly." I look at the cells. There are nine people, including Jacob, that are infected down here, and another couple of dozen 'somewhere secure', probably here on campus. I look down at Eric and June, collapsed together on the floor, the blood coming out dark and slowly from the place Eric's head used to be, like molasses. His severed head is turned away from me, and I swallow thickly. "What do we do now?" I ask Dan.

"Well, I think probably we should contact the authorities at this point?"

"We need to get out of here first."

"Yeah, so how about we just remove that there and take the underground access road then?"

"Ok."
