
#Chapter 13


"I don't care about the apocalypse, end of the world, clandestine schnoolipoops that's going on here. We're stopping in Carson City for two hours, and I'm going to win $739 and drink a bunch of free drinks!" 

"Dan, look, Sonora has drinks and casinos too..." I know I'm not going to win this argument. We've been driving for more than five hours, and Dan's cranky morning mood only got worse. Even the twenty minute detour to stare at the Shoe Tree, a diversion Dan insisted on after singing a song about a pair of old shoes he'd owned as a boy, didn't cheer him up. He had managed a single clap and said, "I wonder what kind of sordid stories these shoes were privy to."

"I don't care, Maggie. I need a roulette table and a rush of dopamine. I need to pour a Mai Tai on this and just have some fucking fun. My feelings are valid."

"Yes, Dan, your feelings are valid," I sigh. "Hey, remember when we were in Malaysia and you gave me a Mai Tai after my talk?"

"No."

"Oh. Well I think that was the drink that started everything."

"What are you talking about? Was that how we had sex?"

"Hey, we said we were never speaking of that again."

"Oh yeah...started what then?"

"This whole thing."

"For fuck's sake, Maggie, my brain isn't actually connected to yours. I don't know what the fuck you're talking about."

"I'm saying that Mai Tai started 'the apocalypse, end of the world, clandestine schnoolipoops' you want to ignore so you can gamble."

"And how, pray tell, does a fucking Mai Tai become responsible for the end of the world? No, really, I'm curious. How does a rum based, Curaçao driven beverage get ultimate responsibility for the destruction of humankind that you're standing at the helm of? The way I see it, this all started when you left Harron against doctor's orders."

I don't respond. I feel hurt. I know Dan didn't mean to hurt me, but I haven't quite processed the trauma that is my life. I was depressed before all of this started, and now I'm running on fumes. For a moment in all of this, I was happy. Eric made me feel light and inspired. Like something mattered. Like I mattered. But Eric is gone. It's been three days since the last time we spoke. I can't decide if I'm angry with him or worried. Somehow the anger melts into worry, but a selfish worry. I'm worried that I've lost him. I'm in love. I didn't tell him I was in love. He told me. I didn't tell him. What if I never have the opportunity? What if I have to live the rest of my life knowing that I didn't tell him? What if by the time I get around to telling him he doesn't love me back.

I shake my head. I actively shove Eric into a mental compartment to push the pain I'm feeling into a small box. I meditate for a moment on the fact that I will die, we will all die, existence is futile. I meditate on how life is just all the energy of the universe finding ways to dissipate into nothingness. Evolution, it would seem, is less about survival and more about efficiency. We humans are just efficient at absorbing atmospheric energy and dissipating it again. I remind myself that our thoughts and feelings, our intuitions and behaviours, all that we are, is just energy processing. That's it. The meaning of life. The purpose of all life is universal entropy. I feel myself calm.

"I didn't start anything," I say. "But I sure as hell am going to finish it."

"After we gamble."

"Yes, after we gamble."

I watch the world go by outside the window until Dan pulls into his casino of choice. It's the middle of the afternoon, but the parking lot is almost full. Judging from the makes and models of the cars, we're not going to be running into any high rollers at this establishment. 

"Can you imagine naming your business anything with the word 'nugget' in it?"

"No, but come on, this is gold rush country. I bet there's a museum here that has the biggest nugget of gold found in over a hundred years."

"I bet there's a glass case inside this very casino that has the biggest nugget of *fools* gold found in the last hundred years."

"I'll bet you five dollars."

"Shake on it." We shake hands, and the irony of our bet has both of us smiling. I have to admit, Dan was right. We need a break. Some fun. A little distraction from the darkness. Of course, in about two minutes we'll actually be leaving the bright, hot Nevada summer sun and entering a casino that will have no natural light. It will be smoky and sordid. The sad faces of the types of people who hang out in random casinos at four in the afternoon on a Tuesday.

Two blue columns skirt the doors of the Golden Nugget Casino. The base of each is a showy gold block, formed like a giant rivet adorning a pitbull's collar. A three story sack of, presumably, gold sits atop the columns embellished with a thousand lightbulbs. I wish we would have arrived late enough to see the lights dance and blink. The word CASINO surely had some sort of a wavy light show. 

The doors open. We leave the outside world and fall into the dark bowel of a gambling abyss. The light through the glass doors seems to evaporate and a sea of cowboy hats bobbles around slot machines. A dim, artificial vibe emits from the complicated, geometric carpeting and the florescent lights break pattern only above a mechanical bull. A single spotlight lights the bull, its fearsome head twisted in frozen rage. I laugh a little when I notice one of the horns is little more than a stump. The floor around the bull is tiled in what looks to be leather. 

Dan will ride that thing before we leave this place, I just know it.

All at once I feel overwhelmed by the auditory of the place as it hits me. The ding and zing and bloop of the various slot machines. The chatty, drunk couples that are cracked out on gaming and haven't been to bed in thirty hours. A waitress asks a solemn man if he wants another drink. Croupiers tell customers when the house wins. The deafening buzz of being alive in the world hits me, and I think about what it would be like if all the noise stopped. 

I remember an episode of the Twilight Zone where everyone is forced to be happy by a mind controlling little boy. For some reason he hates singing. The neural pathways shoot and a scene from Footloose marred in my memory pops up. Flashes of power cables pulled out of walls and the brutal screech of a slipping record needle pan out into an auditory deficiency. Somehow I follow my thoughts back to the Intervision goggles. I felt like the vidi that was my vision was sucked away in the murky colors of the night vision "enhanced" world. 

"I will ride that mechanical bull before we leave here. Just warnin' ya," Dan slaps me on the ass as he strolls off towards the closest waitress. 

"As long as you don't think you're driving the bat Cadillac," pointing to the Batmobile paint job on the random caddy in the lobby. Four and a half minutes later, Dan hands me a drink as I'm sticking a quarter into a slot machine. I pull the lever and hit three lemons. Thin, high strung music plays an annoying melody and coins dump out of the machine. 

"That's probably a good twenty bucks right there! Well done playa!" The rush of dopamine from winning and Dan's elated congratulation rip me back into the present. 

"Let's play some more." At the cash window, we get five hundred in chips. We convince ourselves that we might as well live it up in the dirt town of our lives since we might not have a lot of life yet. Not that either one of us is overly fearful. I mean, what's really going on? A couple of people are dead or missing and we're somehow involved. Not traumatic at all. We are tardigrades, all the death and gore that exists in my head is actually no big deal. Everything is going to be fine. We're all just dissipating energy anyway.

I keep my eye on the clock as Dan and I throw money around. Winning, losing, doesn't matter. We're up for the first fifty minutes. I'm winning at blackjack, and Dan is jumping between tables following his imaginary Fortuna. We're both drunk on the happy brain chemicals that are being exasperated by the pleasure of winning and free booze. After a little over an hour, the tide of winning begins to turn. 

"Ok, enough sport. Time for food." Dan collects the chips from the roulette table.

"Hold on, I want to play one more..."

"Nope!" Dan shouts, "The art of gambling is to win, either you're done or you are a gambling addict." He pulls me away from the table and heads to the cash window. "We need chicken fried something and a bucket of fries. Oh, and a cold frosty beer. Here you go," he says as dumps his chips into a buck at the cash window.

As the lady dumps the chips into a separating machine and opens the cash drawer, Dan turns to me seriously.

"You know," he says, "we didn't settle our bet."

"Well, we haven't left yet."

"Ok, this is the order of things. First we cash in because that activity is already in process. Then we get a table at the *Dusty Nugget* and order food. We inform the waitress that we will return momentarily and leave your horrifying cardigan there as collateral for the table. *Then we find the nugget.*" He says his last sentence as if we're going to be doing recon for an elite military unit or collecting specimens from a spaceship. 

"Sir, I have $937 dollars for you." 

"$937!? What are the chances!"

I turn my chips in next and the process starts over. Chips go in, numbers come out. Dan is too excited by the coincidence of "winning $739 dollars backwards" to notice that I've pulled in over six hundred myself despite the fact that he only gave me fifty bucks, along with an overtly sexist statement about how men should keep a reign on the finances, to play with. We'd tripled our money.

We follow Dan's plan and order chicken-fried chicken and green beans, a bowl of mashed potatoes and gravy. He asks that two beers be brought to us as soon as we come back. The waiter, a twenty year old kid who looked as if he'd been hit one too many times while playing football, just stares. 

We find a glass case containing the golden nugget inside of ten minutes tucked away around reception in a different part of what turns out to be a mini resort. It's not the largest of anything, but rather a nugget shaped kind of like an Egyptian Sphinx. It has a name plate that calls it "the Oracle Nugget". 

"No one wins this bet, Maggie. No one wins."

We laugh as we head back to the restaurant, and we laugh more as we eat and drink our beers. 

"So," I slur after packing in the last of the chocolate cheesecake I ordered for dessert, "who's driving?"

---
Both of us are drunk enough that we shouldn't be driving, so we order the strongest coffee they have.

"To driving in a moderately sober state," Dan says as he holds up his cup. 

"Ten minutes," I say. We slurp the coffee as quickly as we can without burning our faces. 

When it's time to leave, Dan stops me at the front door, turns me towards the inside of the casino and says, "Maggie, you will never be in this establishment again. Embrace it." He turns to look back inside then slowly backs himself out the front door.

In the parking lot we play a rapid fire game of trivia to work out who is most sober to drive. Dan purposefully misses an easy question and I win. I'm more sober to drive. I don't mind, I don't feel all that drunk. I am only slightly worried about curving up into the hills of the Sierra Nevadas. The inside of the car is hot.

"I guess it'll be dark when we get there," Dan says sadly.

"Ahh what's the matter big boy, does someone want to play on the four wheelers, hmmm?" I taunt.

"Duh," he pouts, and I turn on the car. Pulling out of the parking lot I scan through the radio channels until I find something that sounds slightly punk. I notice the knob of the radio feels sticky and wonder how it got that way. All at once my brain begins to spit.

"Dan..."

"You gotta pee already? It's been like forty seconds."

"No. The Intervision file, tell me about the politics of it."

"Well, Maggie, I think it's quite obvious that the politics are 'Who gives a fuck about politics, Intervision is selling mind control technology to the military and we're all screwed probably.'"

"No, I'm trying to understand how Intervision and my little, ahem, legal issue are connected."

Dan shrugs. "I mean if Oscar hasn't found anything yet, it must be personal."

"Wait! That's genius, it must be personal!" I pull out my phone.

"Don't text and drive Maggie, it's a recipe for death." I hand Dan my phone and dictate the message I want him to send.  Dan types and then reads aloud.

*Oscar - search for any connections between Harron Medical Center President Aldeson and Intervision. There's got to be something, it's the only logical connection. Cross check Heidi Kulz*

"Who's Heidi Kulz?" I ask.

"I remember her name from the Intervision files. Other than Freaky Franzel and our old pal Scott Spencer, Ms Kulz is the only other name associated."

Mike Franzel is the CEO of Intervision. Dan called him "Freaky Franzel" because the dude is, in no uncertain ways, freaky. He dresses like a Milano gigolo and wears a baby tooth, not his own, in a glass vial on a gold chain. In his rich guy eccentrics, he's managed to never spill the beans about that tooth. The speculation around it ranges from the sentimental "It's actually a baby tooth from his sister, who died of leukemia," to the radically appalling "He got it from a dentist and wears it just to confuse us."

Freaky Franzel also travels with a personal assistant, a humanoid Intervision developed for him. He calls the thing "Mage" and it's the only one in existence. He dresses it in Final Fantasy style cloaks and wigs, and takes it everywhere so he can charge his phone and dictate emails. Mage carries his suitcase and serves as both alarm clock and body guard – stepping inside of Mage's two foot radius will result in electrical shock. With simple voice commands, Mage can spray people with skunk juice, set off all the alarms in the building and otherwise create havoc and chaos. Franzel has demonstrated its power enough times that people know to stay away from him. 

Like I said, the dude is freaky.

We still have another hour to drive, but the alcohol and dusk have both of us in a good mood. The time passes as we snake into the hills and start making plans.

"Ok, so I say we make some food tonight and just chill. I'm sure girl's got Netflix or something. Tonight, Netflix and Chill."

"Dan, you know what Netflix and Chill means right?"

"Yeah, it means hanging around and watching Netflix. Duh."

"Uh..."

"What?"

"It actually means fucking."

"What!? Are you serious? Goddamn millennials."

We laugh and talk about internet speak and millennial short cuts all the way to the Hollow. When we arrive at Niela's I'm surprised to see a pile of mail on the porch, but then I remember that Nathan is off in Bolivia doing whatever he does when he goes to Bolivia. I park the Jeep in front of the yellow garage, a separate building about 30 yards away from the house. Dan looks in the garage and claps lightly at the sight of two four wheelers. 

We head up the dusty driveway to the house. The house sits raised above the driveway. A decorative stone wall with three steps leads to the plateau that is the front yard separated from the drive. A large oak tree towers above the ranch style house. The front porch wraps around the side of the house with the oak and four white rocking chairs face the slope of the hill the entire house faces. 

"Why don't people live here all the time?" Dan says as he slowly moves towards the rocking chairs. 

"Well Nathan does," I say. "It's just that he's off in South America at the moment. Niela comes on the weekends I think."

"I like these people. People with a place like this deserve to be liked," Dan says as he lowers himself into the second rocking chair. I sit down beside him and we rock back and forth for a few minutes, not saying anything. It's the golden hour and the light shimmers all around us. Light wind blows and dust from the drive catches it, flutters around, falls back to the Earth. 

Dan breathes in deeply, "Well this is nearly paradise, I don't think I've seen the air like that in a good long while. Makes you think everything is A-OK."

"Or that the end of the world is coming and we should get inside." I stand up and walk the length of the porch to the stairs pointing towards the backyard. I head down and around to an overgrown shrub. I fish underneath for the paint chipped ceramic gnome I know is under there and holding the key to the house. I find nothing. 

"Dan, I need your help!"

"Yeah, yeah, coming," Dan says. I hear a gentle squeaking and know Dan has not stood up, but rather continues to rock the rocking chair on the front porch. 

"You gotta chewing grass in your mouth?" I call, "Because there's some really sturdy chewing grass back here." I know my addition to the image Dan has in his head about himself, the sitting-on-a-porch-in-the-late-sunset-cowboy vision, will stir him to his feet.

"Oh all right, I'm coming!"

Dan stands up and walks along the porch to the four stairs that point towards the backyard. A massive oak stands to his right, and he sees me using my phone as a flashlight to look under the shrub. 

"What's the deal?" he says. 

"Looking for a freaky ceramic gnome that has the key in it. Used to be under this bush, but it's gone."

"You mean like the gnome that has been watching us from the garage gutter?"

I turn around towards the front of the house. "Where?"

"He's there," Dan points to a tiny head sticking out of the gutter on the garage. I'm amazed that he saw it at this distance.

"Damn you've got good eyes."

"Nah, I noticed that freaky little bastard when we got here. Because he's freaky."

We walk over to the side of the garage and there's a tiny mound of dirt that allows me to grab the gnome without climbing onto anything. I slide open the little door under its feet and pull the key out. Then I place the gnome back in the gutter. 

Dan and I head back up to the house and let ourselves in. The kitchen light is on a timer, and we quickly realize there's nothing fresh in the house. But there's plenty of canned goods and dry foods, and there's an entire palette of beer, so Dan and I decide we'll do some grocery shopping in the morning.

After, of course, we go to a diner in town and have some breakfast.


---
The next morning we wake up rested and chipper. We drink our coffee black because although there is coffee, there's no milk. We sit in the rocking chairs and look at the hot California morning. The sun has been up for hours already. We daydream as we wake up. It's been four days since I heard anything from Eric. Something about the sun and my current location, though, makes me calm for the moment. 

It's nine o'clock, time to go get some breakfast. We jump in the jeep. We head down the drive and snake down the backroad towards the main road. There's a diner I've been to before. They have a breakfast meal they call "Super Bowls", which is exactly the thing to ensure Dan will have a wonderful start into the new day. 

"So explain this thing to me again, or I'm going to have to order something else." 

"It's essentially a loaf of sourdough bread with the middle scooped out. Then it's filled with scrambled eggs, crumbled up sausage, cheddar cheese and gravy."

"And you didn't smack the shit out of me when you noticed I wasn't paying attention to this description in a previous setting?" Dan admits to having not paid attention the first time I told him about the breakfast.

"I figured it'd be a nice surprise."

We pull into the diner parking lot and turn off the engine. We're not in any sort of a hurry. We have plenty of daylight to do all the things we want to do today. We're well rested, and there's only three things we want to do anyway. First, breakfast. Second, grocery store. Third, four-wheelers. It took me a good hour last night to convince Dan of this scheduling for our day. He had wanted to start with four wheelers, intending to live off nuts and granola bars for the entire week if he had to.

The breakfast is uneventful despite Dan's nearly orgasmic performance of eating his super bowl. The locals are used to weirdos coming in and out of their establishments, the town is both in California and a popular crossing for folks heading to Tahoe. We head to the grocery store afterwards.

"Ok, but we only need refrigerator things."

"But maybe..."

"No, Dan, seriously, you didn't go into the cellar did you?" Back at the house, I had gone into the cellar to see what kind of food we didn't need to buy. Niela wasn't actually preparing for the end of the world, but she was always obsessive about having food in the house. Ever since we were kids, it was like Niela thought she'd starve to death if she didn't have several packages of just about everything she regularly ate. When I went into the cellar yesterday evening, it'd seemed her fear of starvation had either gotten worse or was contagious. Even though Niela didn't live at the Hollow full time, the place was stocked with at least three of everything. From gummy bears to ramen noodles, canned peaches to instant mashed potatoes and spanning outward to six kinds of rice and a freezer full of venison, the house was stocked with food. It was also stocked with extra toiletries like toothbrushes or Listerine. It just didn't have any fresh vegetables, fruits or dairy.

"Why would I? Cellars are creepy." I explain Niela's fear and obsession to Dan and inform him that the cellar is a dry food grocery store and that he doesn't need to buy deodorant for the entire time we're in California. "Yeah, like I'm wearing deodorant! Also, will you make me some cookies? I feel like I earned them." 

Back at the house I suggest to Dan that instead of cookies, we make walnut banana pancakes to take with us four wheeling. 

"But I want cookies!" He whines.

"Yeah, but cookies will take longer. So do you want to go four wheeling as soon as possible, or do you have to have cookies?" Really, I'm just craving banana walnut pancakes but having a rationale is always good when trying to convince Dan of something.

"Ok. Well, pancakes are basically cookies that are both soft and acceptable as a breakfast food. I agree with this trajectory."

We only find gluten free biscuit mix in Niela's cellar, but I convince Dan that we just need to add some milk. After we'd bought plenty of cheese and milk and other products created in the livestock agriculture industry, we'd seen a sticker on a lamp post. The sticker had a cow facing you with the words "Not your mother, not your milk" arched around it. In the moment, Dan had giggled and suggested we return all the things we'd bought. Now, in the kitchen, he insists on using soy milk in the pancakes.

I don't bother looking up a recipe or measuring anything. I just pour soy milk in the gluten free biscuit mix until it looks like a pancake consistency. Dan heats up a pan and we drizzle pancake batter in. We try to flip them and they drizzle half cooked in the pan. The pancakes stay liquified for an obscene amount of time. After the first batch is a failure, I suggest making them like scrambled eggs. We've got stuff to do, I argue. 

"Great idea. That should work," Dan confirms. At the same time, he picks up the maple syrup and inspects the label. "Why didn't you buy good maple syrup, the Canadians would be horrified."

"What are you talking about, that was the mid priced option."

"Price don't matter, this is amber colored, rich Canadian Syrup."

"So?" I ask.

"This is best used for baking or glazing things. There are better syrups for pancakes. I mean, you could have bought a lighter colored, February syrup."

"What the fuck are you on about?"

Dan sighs. "Oh nothing, I guess I can't expect you to appreciate the intricacies of maple syrup...this isn't working," Dan says indicating the scrambled pancakes. "What if we try baking them?"

"Good idea, we've tried everything else."

Dan dumps the pancakes onto a baking sheet and we shove them in the oven for ten minutes. They turn out edible, but funny shaped, and possibly the least pancake pancakes I've ever seen. We try them anyway.

"What do you think of the pancakes?" I ask him.

"Yeah, well if I were in a restaurant I'd be complaining right now and causing a scene. But hey, they're ok. Tasty. And besides the stomach is dark."

"The stomach is dark?"

"It doesn't matter how the food looks, once it's in the stomach it's a mishmash anyway. So if your food looks like a fucking ice sculpture when you eat it, you just wasted your time on aesthetics.

"Touché."

We throw the utter disaster into a plastic baggie and head out to the garage. We unlock the combination lock using the code Niela had written on a whiteboard attached to the fridge. We each get on a four wheeler and pull out of the garage and drive over the field past the house and take a right up into the hills. There's a footpath to follow, and we're up in the forest within minutes. The path widens out in various places, and we drive through mud and dust and follow the path along a ridge. There are a couple of overview points where Dan and I have a stop, a look and a listen. 

The ride through the forest swallows us for the rest of the day. The nature dwarfs my insecurities into nothingness and I remember to be fully present in the world. The feeling of lightness would be overwhelming if I could feel the lightness. But the thing about being present is that your attention is so completely on the details of the here and now, you don't feel the weight of your other world, the normal one with anxieties and fears. 

My presence stays intact as we get back to the Hollow and see Niela's car in the driveway. 

"HEY NIELA!!!" Dan yells, sliding the four wheeler back into the garage and barely stopping before jumping off and running towards the house. "I'VE HEARD SO MUCH ABOUT YOU, AND I THINK WE'RE GOING TO BE BEST FRIENDS!!!"

I hear Niela call "Hi Dan!" and can hear the smile on her face as I park the four wheeler. Niela has heard about Dan for years, but they've never met. I know they're going to like each other, so I don't rush up to say hello or buffer any awkwardness. There won't be any. I feel like I'm in a meditative state still. Calm. I feel so calm. Also hungry, so I stop dawdling and head towards the voices coming out of the house.

"And I don't understand why you only have two four wheelers because you're supposed to be super cool, which means you have friends, so how do you four wheel with friends if you only have two four wheelers?" Dan is jabbering.

"Easy," Niela answers, "I don't have friends who don't have their *own* four wheeler."

"Ohhhh that is so badass!"

"Well, I see you two are new besties," I say as I walk over to the refrigerator. I pull out three Coronas and a lime and busy myself garnishing the beers. "I guess I can go jump in the river and die now, y'all don't need me anymore." I say with mock sadness.

"MAGGIE!" Niela and Dan yell together and they both rush me for a hug. Dan pulls back first, Niela hangs on a bit longer and says lightly in my ear, "I am SO glad you're here, my love life is the pits."

The three of us drink beers sitting in the rocking chairs on the front porch. For the first beer we talk about nothing much. Just banter and bullshit. For the second hour (and the third beer), Niela talks about her hilarious escapades with dating. Then, Niela tells a story about a visit to the hospital after one of her lovers lost a condom inside her. 

"They couldn't get it out," she says, and then the subject changes to my visit to Harron.

The story comes out in trickles. 

"So the arm is how now?" Niela asks.

"Been a week, looks a bit gross," I pull up my sleeve. The perfect stitches remind me of Eric, and I sigh a little. 

"Seems to be healing just fine though," Niela says as she turns my arm around. "Certainly doesn't look like anything other than normal."

"How often have you seen wounds that should 'look normal'?" Dan asks. 

"My dad's a doctor, so, like, you know."

We move from the porch to the kitchen, talking and deciding on what to cook for dinner. When I mention Oscar, I realize that I haven't checked my messages in a while. 

"Oh, shit, I wonder if Oscar messaged me, actually. We asked him to take a look at a possible connection between some lady at Intervision and Harron Medical Center."

"I still don't understand how or why a tech company working on evil mind control devices would do a cover-up at a hospital. What's the link?"

"Maybe the surgeon and his team were test subjects?" I wonder aloud.

"Yeah, but did they all put in these contact lenses or whatever?" Niela says.

"Well, in Denver the eye pieces were night vision goggles, so they can put the tech in any eyewear. But you're right, why a surgical team in Everitt?"

"Do you think it had something to do with me personally?" I ask. "I did make fun of Scott Spencer as frequently as possible, and especially right before I was in the hospital."

"Scott Spencer doesn't have the brain waves to poison you though, if you were poisoned. He's just a stupid oaf. Trust me, I've seen him trying to push a door that pulls open for like five minutes." Dan is talking, drinking another beer and making fried potatoes. His multitasking skills impress me for a moment.

I pull out my phone to see what Oscar has said.

*Heidi Kulz, the VP at InterVision, is Harron President Adleson's ex daughter-in-law.* I read out loud. *Obviously, the CDC has now lost control of the cover up. Will send through epidemic estimates when Mnemonic is done with the models.* 

"'Obviously the CDC lost control'? 'Epidemic estimates'?" I say. "What do you think that means?"

"When's the last time either of you bothered to look at the news?" Niela asks. "I'd guess Oscar is referencing it."

---
"News? What news?" I ask.

In response Niela grabs the television remote from the counter. She turns on the television in the living room. It's fully visible from the kitchen since only an island designates and separates the space between the two rooms. 

*What we know is that there have been a number of victims of this unidentified sickness...* the television is saying. *So far, the sickness has been recorded with the CDC in two cities. Everitt, Virginia and Nashville, Tennessee. Medical professionals in both cities are working with the CDC to identify potential symptoms and markers of the disease. We go now to John Richards at the Centers for Disease Control in Atlanta. John?*

*Thanks Maura. I'm here at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention headquarters in Atlanta, Georgia, where the Head of Communications, Christopher Wu is getting ready to issue a statement. As you can see by the crowd behind me, there are journalists here from across the United States. *

*Thank you all for coming. My name is Christopher Wu, and it's my duty to stem the speculation about the unidentified sickness that has been reported in two States over the last couple of days. The Centers for Disease Control has, indeed, as some reports have suggested, been aware of the sickness and has been monitoring it. Now several of your networks have led their audiences to believe that the Centers for Disease Control has acted unethically in the announcement of its findings to the general public. However, it is standard policy to identify reservoirs and transmission of any disease before putting out general alerts. Today, we're still early in the investigation as the CDC has not yet verified who or what carries the disease, what incubation times are or even how the disease is transmitted. From a medical perspective, we're talking about a fluke, which should not lead to concern on behalf of the general public. I will now take questions, however there isn't much more information I have to give you. So let's start with the young man in the blue shirt there.*

*What do you mean by reservoirs? Is the CDC suspecting the sickness is in our water systems?* The audience laughs a bit and the camera shows the young man becoming quickly flushed.

*Does anyone else want to answer that?* Mr. Wu smiles at the audience. *Young man, I gather this is your first assignment with the CDC. A "reservoir" is the host of a disease. In this case, we don't even know if humans are reservoirs because we've not yet identified whether the disease has been passed between two people. Thus far, we've not identified who or what is carrying the disease. There is absolutely no evidence that there is anything at all wrong with our water. In fact...* Wu takes a long drink from a glass of water. *Next question...you there.*

*What are symptoms of the disease?*

*I'm glad you asked. What we've seen are flu-like symptoms, a slowed response time and skin discoloration. Unfortunately, none of these symptoms are particularly abnormal in a variety of common and treatable illnesses. Yes, go ahead, you have a follow up?*

The same reporter stares for a second and then asks, *Well, how do you know the sickness is unidentified?*

"DAMN that chick is bright!" Dan exclaims ripping me out of my news watching trance. "Great question, over to you Mr. Wu."

"Shhh," I say just to be a jerk. Dan ignores me.

*As the sickness has not responded to typical medical intervention, we've seen abnormalities in the deterioration of the patient. Unfortunately, symptom observation with the goal of prevention has not been successful. Once the sickness is fully incubated, patients have exhibited symptoms like uncontrollable vomiting and soft tissue bleeding. The skin discoloration escalates in the later phases of the disease. Complete retrospectives of patients have indicated that we haven't encountered this illness before.*

*What can we do?* someone asks, unsolicited, from the audience.

*That's exactly the point,* Mr. Wu says calmly, *until the CDC has had the opportunity to do its work, we cannot give any accurate information. At the moment, there is absolutely nothing to worry about. The only reason we're here is because a rather common occurrence has been blown out of proportion.* Mr. Wu looks directly into the camera and the news channel cuts into a close up of him. *We at the Centers for Disease Control give our condolences to the people who have died in the last few days due to this mysterious illness. Rest assured, there is no evidence of widespread outbreak. Medical institutions across the country have been given a full briefing. They have been instructed on what to look out for. Members of the public should continue to access and use medical services normally. We will provide updates as we have them. Thank you all for your time.*

Dan shuts off the TV.  "Well that doesn't say much of anything," he says.

"Well, except that we happened to be in two places where this sickness they're talking about turned up," I say.

"Phh," sighs Niela. "Could be just a coincidence you know. Statistically speaking, there's more of a chance that it's a coincidence then having anything at all to do with you." 

"Whenever Niela says the words 'statistically speaking', I tend to believe her," I say to Dan. "She is a finance smarty pants."

