Our drive to St. Louis is uneventful. We listen to no music. We barely say a word. We stop for gas and both grab a large cup of coffee. This proves to be the most exciting bit of the journey. The rest of the drive is taillights and semis. We're only twenty minutes from the Psychedelic Mall in St Louis.

"I think my body has the personality of a wigger," Dan says.

"What?" It's late afternoon. I'm feeling a lot better having had more coffee and a sandwich.

"You know, a wigger. You know what a wigger is, right?"

"Isn't that a derogatory term for a white person who personifies hip-hop culture," 

Dan looks at me with a raised eyebrow. "Do you think it's derogatory like the 'N' word is derogatory?" He asks seriously.

"No. I remember people using the word 'wigger' in the nineties, but I don't remember whether or not it was a source of controversy. I figure since I can't remember, and since every time anyone has ever used that word it's been in good fun, I don't think I need to consider it a racial slur. Though, clearly, it's a racial slur."

"Yeah, but it's racist against white people, and we're white," Dan smiles. "So it doesn't count."

"I always wondered if you could be xenophobic against your own race..."

"Only if you're a mass murderer, right?"

I shrug, then recall how this conversation got started. "Wait. What do you mean your 'body has the personality of a wigger?'"

"Oh, heh. It's just that when I pay attention to my body, I imagine it saying things like 'Yo, I'm feelin' tired bitch.' Or 'S'up homie, gimme some Maddog b-fore I slap you." 

I've never gotten used to the idea that words should be forbidden to one cultural group or another. A PhD student yelled at me once for using the word "meritocracy" in a positive context. I allowed myself to passionately debate that one. The "N" word though has a context that can't be denied. My race makes it off-limits, and that's ok. Even though I fervently believe that the intellectual conversation around semantics is more important than the semantics themselves. 

Dan rubs his eyes. "Are we there yet?"

"Almost." We go back to a comfortable silence and I continue to think about language and how we express ourselves depending on our conversational partners and surroundings. Dan stares blankly out the window, assumably listening to his wigger body telling him that he's still too hungover to feign energy.

We drive straight through the center of St Louis on our way to a suburb where the Psychedelic Mall awaits. We see the famous Gateway Arch out the window. Dan comments that in real life it's actually more than he expected. He sounds genuine in his pleasure for the Arch as he describes the disappointment of many a landmark. He, thankfully, doesn't suggest a photo opp.

We're both ready for a sustained break when we pull into the mall parking lot. It's taken us nearly five hours to get here, and we're both in need of a walk, a toilet, a little distraction from the repetitive drive that's slowly taking us out West.

We haven't talked about our reason for leaving, and I find that Harron, Onyx and even Eric are farther from my mind than they probably should be. The guilt trickles in. It's a weird feeling. I desperately want Eric to be texting and phoning me all the time. I miss him. But I'm also angry at myself for feeling too much and trying to turn on the switch of indifference. He asked me to call him twice a day. Asked me. Like it's my responsibility to keep up the relationship because I'm the one who went on a road trip. All of my relationships make me feel like it's up to me to maintain them. If I don't make an appointment for the gynecologist, I just don't see her.

The entrance we park near is like any other mall entrance except there's a giant sculpture outside of the door. It looks a bit like a butterfly torpedo flew down the throat of a butterfly. Or maybe it's a female butterfly that has flown up to massacre and eat the body of her lover.

I love that there are multiple species in which the female eats the male after mating, and I imagine what it would be like if humans did that too. I start to remember various stories in which the woman eats the man. Either with a knife and fork or by enfolding him into her vagina. The stories give me a weird, sick sense of power. The farther I follow these thoughts, however, the more disgusted with myself I become. I follow the thread to that movie where after a plane crash the only way that people can survive is by eating each other. Canibalism. That leads me to recollect Defoe's Robison Crusoe, which takes my mind in the direction of living on a deserted island. I'm mentally planning which three books I'd bring if I were to be stranded on a deserted island when Dan interrupts my thoughts.

"It's not that fucking interesting Maggie, can you hurry the fuck up?"

I pull out my phone as Dan holds the door for me. "I'm just going to call Eric, you go ahead."

"No. We're living this dream together. Just hurry up." Dan takes a position against the wall inside the door, looking down at his shoes as if he doesn't want to look around until my attention is with him. 

The phone just rings. Eventually Eric's machine picks up and I leave a quick message. I end with "You know, you could call me too," and I'm surprised by my own annoyance.

"Alright. Mall. Let's do it." Dan nearly jumps out of his skin as he takes two hurried steps further into the mall. He slows down immediately. We both stop. We're standing in the corridor of the mall looking around.

It's a dirt mall. A dirt mall is a mall whose time has passed. Neglected and sad, the Psychedelic Mall is no longer the crowning beauty of consumerism. Four out of the five shops in our immediate vicinity are closed. They've been closed. The layer of dust on the storefront steel gates reveals an alarming tread in online shopping. The store that is open sells candy and nothing else. The stacks of candy jars look as if they've been there for several years and even Dan doesn't suggest that we go inside. A bored clerk sits staring at the ceiling, surely contemplating his life choices. 

In the middle of the corridor are circular benches, covered in yellow and teal fabric stained with the years. They look plushy but forgotten, seams coming apart and sofa filling twirling in tendrils in every direction. The wirey threads are everywhere, including the floor beneath the benches. As we walk slowly onward, deeper into the belly of the mall, the benches change shape and size, clearly a designers attempt to fulfill a contract that said something like "Various exciting and interesting benches for the new Psychedelic Mall".

Besides the candy store clerk, we've yet to see a living soul. Storefront after storefront is closed down and the artificial lighting flickers sadly. The air feels yellow.

An old fashioned popcorn machine stands in the middle of an intersection. It too is dusty, forgotten, but still boasting the grease from a previous life. 

"This is the most depressing place I've ever been," Dan says with an air of absolute solitude. "I feel like we have to walk this mall, Maggie."

"We should just leave. This place is sucking the light from my soul." His genuine sadness inflicts a kind of disgust in me as I realize that it's also the most depressing place I've ever been.

"No. We should walk this mall and take in the stank," he says seriously, with no emphasis on the word "stank".

"Why would we do that!? This place is awful."

"Yes," he says, "it's so awful that later when we remember it, we'll be elated that we are no longer here. That life has moved forward and that the conflict of time has won out on us."

Jesus. Dan has become poetic. This can't be a good sign.

"Do you think there's a liquor store in here?" He says, relieving me with his alcoholism.

"Probably not, but let's walk this bitch like we're old people, and if we see one, we'll be saved."

Dan and I spend the next twenty minutes walking up and down each of the three corridors that make up the mall. We see a great many things of interest, all more depressing than the last, and we speak very little as we are lost in forlorn hope. 
