
#Chapter 12


The next morning Dan shakes me awake. "Come on, it's time to get going."

"What time is it?"

"8am."

"Fuck this, we can sleep longer. My head hurts."

"Yeah, it looks nasty too. You have a huge bump."

"What do you mean?" I'm drowsy, disoriented. Dan just looks at me and the memories of last night come flooding back. "Oh, right, I dived into a bar."

"Yeah, and not a dive bar either." Dan laughs at his own joke. I pull the covers over my head and tell him to go away. 

"No. Look." Dan hands me a coffee and a bag. Inside is a croissant covered in chocolate and a hotdog wrapped in a croissant. The wrinkled end of the hotdog makes my stomach turn. It looks like an anus sticking out of a pillow case. I vomit a little in my mouth. I swallow quickly and take a sip of the coffee. It's hot, but the perfect temperature for drinking. 

"Why do we have to leave so early? I let you sleep until like 9:30 yesterday you dickhead."

"Yeah well, I'm driving today so get your ass up and get in the car. You can continue sleeping there. We're doing ten hours today. I want to get us all the way to Ely."

"Where?"

"There's a railroad museum there."

"And?"

"And it's halfway to Sonora from here, so let's hit the road already." I'm unenthused by the exploit, but I also know that I'm not going to be driving at all today. I force myself out of bed and pull on some pants. 

"You carry the shit," I demand and then I schlepp myself out of the hotel room, through the lobby and to the Jeep. I fall into it and immediately fall asleep again. When I wake up, it's five hours later. 

"I've stopped twice and had six cups of coffee. You sleep like the dead. A couple times I thought you were dead." Dan's obviously happy that I've finally woken up.

"Coffee," I say. 

"Yeppers. Green River is coming up. Remember Oregon Trail? Wasn't Green River a place in Oregon Trail?"

"Arg, I don't care," I moan.

"Well, if I recall correctly, or iirc in Internet speak, Green River was a place in Oregon Trail. I think there was a split there and you could either go south towards a particular fort or north towards the end goal. Everyone who chose to go south was a fucking wanker and I hated that game anyway. I saw two deer while you were asleep. I thought about adopting one of them, but then I just kept driving. I touched a baby deer once, it wasn't soft. It was like petting straw. Disgusting. I also thought about turning up the Ramones really loud so that you would wake the fuck up. Do you have any idea how fucking bored I was for the last five hours. I was about to rub one out because I thought my incredible o-face would wake you up, but then I was thinking maybe that was a bad idea because I'm driving and stuff."

"Oh my god, Dan, shut the fuck up dude. My head hurts. I get it. You were lonely. Shhhhh." I right myself in the seat. Either I start talking to him about something or he's going to talk to me about nothing. I look out the window and the landscape does nothing to incite much thought. I just feel broken. "Listen, you get me coffee, and I promise I will perk up and talk to you."

"Good because I've been driving for five hours and I had six cups of coffee and no one to talk to and it just seems like..."

"Shhh," I interrupt, "first the coffee."

I push the button on the gas station's coffee machine and watch the light brown liquid come out. It doesn't fill the cup, so I push the espresso button to top it off. It's too hot to drink, but the coloring looks darker than it did a moment ago. Dan finishes filling gas in the tank, and I climb back into the passengers seat. I open the coffee and blow at it absentmindedly as Dan cleans the windshield, goes to the bathroom and buys a children's comic book that has a free plastic decoder ring attached to it. As he climbs into the car he throws the comic into the back and puts the ring on his pinky finger.

"Ow! Jesus this thing is small," he says. He pulls the ring off and tries to make it bigger, bending the delicate plastic slightly too far. The ring breaks, and Dan just stares at it for a moment before saying "Well, that's what I get for ignoring climate change. Do you think I should return this?"

"No. Let's just go." I place the lid back on my coffee and buckle my seat belt. Dan turns on the engine. 

"Alright, so Green River was in Oregon Trail, but I guess it doesn't matter. The Interstate Hamster Wheel it is."

We head back towards the highway and start to chat about what we'll do once we arrive in Sonora. Dan wants to do what he calls the Redneck Trifecta and go hunting, fishing and dirt wheeling. I ask him why hunting and fishing aren't considered human sustenance activities, and it leads to a conversation about early man. We try to think of all the things we take for granted exclaiming, "Cave Man didn't have that!", each time we find something seemingly human that is only part of our culture or society because of some sort of technological innovation. Imagined realities are the components of culture.

The hours tick by and our conversation snakes through topic after topic. None of it real. None of it situational. None of it mentioning InterVision or that fact that it's now been a full forty-eight hours since I last heard from Eric.

---
Driving into Ely, we notice a motel across the street from a bar with a giant eight-ball on top. A neon side says "Karaoke Happy Hour Open Now". We check into the motel, get a single room and then we both flop on the bed.

"Driving is exhausting," Dan says. "Let's take a nap first."

"First? What's second?" 

"Food. Third is karaoke. We should eat first. Eating and singing at the same time might be possible in a place like this, but I don't think we should degrade ourselves like that. Those should be separate activities."

"First nap."

"Yep."

We lay side by side and close our eyes. My mind is stagnant, I can't stop thinking about Eric. He's in my head. I replay the last time we had sex. We had dinner and had been talking after Jacob left Eric's apartment. We drank a bottle of wine. Maybe the fish we ate made us more passionate than normal. Maybe we'd always been that degree of passionate. Maybe I'm only replaying the last time because it was the last time. Maybe it was because it was both a first and a last. We had been in sync. He had sent electric shocks through my body. 

Eric dabbled in explorative sexual techniques. He had a canvas bag in the back of his closet full of rope. Six eight meter long lengths of jute rope to be exact. On a business trip, he'd learned the Japanese art of bondage, Shibari. He'd taken a few workshops and learned the intense focus, flow and task completion associated with being the "rigger", the person who controls the rope. 

It was the first time I'd ever experienced anything like it. I had been trepidatious at first, but relaxed into Eric as if we'd done such things a million times before. He told me it would be erotic but not sexual. 

In the first moment, he wrapped lengths of rope around me while I was fully clothed. Within minutes, I asked to be released, so that I could slip into something more comfortable. Determined to test the theory that something could be erotic without being sexual, I had put on sweatpants and a t-shirt. I'd watched him to see what kind of reaction he'd have. He didn't react the way I had expected, he'd just waited for me to sit back down on the bed, and then said "Yes, that's probably better than jeans."

He didn't kiss me or touch me beyond wrapping me in the rope. Pulling it tighter and then applying pressure. Bending my limbs and tying things together and incapacitating me. He was dominant and I had been submissive, but I'd not been submissive at all. In the depths of my brain there had been no surrender, only the cold indifference and the feeling that I deserved the pain. I deserved the darkness.

He had taken me towards pain and then released me from it. I experienced subtle psychological shifts. Eroticism in a pure form. When I grew tired of being submissive, I'd taken control, fought and won. He held me. In my mind, we'd traded the power back and forth. Although I couldn't move, although I was bound by endless rope, although had he wanted to, he surely could have ended my life, I'd still felt completely in control. 

We didn't have actual intercourse. When we were finished, we lay exhausted and unable to sleep. We felt each others warmth and waited for tiredness to over come us. He'd pulled me toward him. We kissed.

That evening, he'd insisted that his rope handling was mediocre. He said that rope tension was not consistent, occasionally it slipped and lost grip. He said that the friction knots were okay, but that more complex forms did not meet aesthetic expectations. He said his style was becoming more and more improvisational, but that seemed to improve connection and increase spontaneity. He insisted that his rope flow needed practice.

In the moments of that night, we'd both been completely overcome. There were no other people in the world. We had no families or friends or jobs or anything. The only thing that existed was that room, that bed, each other, the insides of our truest selves. Everything outside the window, inside the Internet, out there in the world, had disappeared. We had formed a physical and spiritual bond. Exchanging energy in an attempt to justify existence. There had been pain, pleasure, mindscapes that defied rationality. 

My arm is itching under the bandage. I pull at the edge of it and look inside. It isn't looking so bad. I make a mental note to clean and bandage it again before dinner. Then I drift off into an unpleasant sleep. When I wake, Dan is reading his comic book near the window. I don't stir immediately, but rather take a moment and notice that I truly believe that Eric is in trouble. He wouldn't have disappeared. Not like that. Not after that.

"Eric and June are in trouble," I say quietly and seriously. 

"Don't think that. Not yet."

"What do you mean 'not yet'?" I ask, suddenly unsure whether I'm overreacting.

"We have Mnemonic. We have Jacob. And that little nerd Oscar," Dan puts the comic aside and starts putting on his shoes. As he sits forward I notice the mustard color of the chair. Dan sighs loudly. 

Once again, Dan surprises me. We sit silently for a number of minutes and I try to tell myself that Dan is right. We have all the resources of Onyx. June and Eric went into the belly of the beast, but they're smart. It's only been two days. Despite the whole InterVision-is-shady-as-fuck thing, they might not be inherently evil. We just need to wait for a little bit more information before we start freaking out. I'm convincing myself.

"Ok, so, like I said. We're not freaking out yet. It's time for second."

"Second?"

"Food muthafucka! Let's go," and he throws a sweater at me. 

"I need to redo this," I say, pointing at my arm.

"That's gross. Hurry the fuck up."

I unwind the bandage and wince a little at the smell. It's been a day too long since I've done this. The wound looks fine. It's healing normally. I go outside to the car and grab some rubbing alcohol and a pair of small scissors from the small kit in the trunk. I leave the door open when I go back inside. A few of the stitches towards my elbow are starting to loosen. 

"I think I can pull these out," I say, tugging at the first stitch. The knot collapses, and it slides out easily. I pull out half the stitches in careful succession. Then I use the scissors to get the rest of them out. After cleaning my arm, I wrap a new bandage and look at Dan.

"Done? Ok, here's the plan. We're going to eat, then we're going to that bar across the street and sing like we ain't never sung before. We will span the gambit of lyrical style my friend."

There it is. That feeling there, that little gem of happiness burning for karaoke. Breathe in deeply dearest, it's a long, long life. All the pain and suffering, love and joy and intimate moments of that little gem of happiness. I pull on the sweater and stand up. 

"I'm going to sing Boyz in the Hood for the 900th time and you're gonna enjoy it!"

"There she is! See, life ain't all bad."

We start waxing lyrically just as soon as we hit the parking lot. Dan suggests I sing Walk Like an Egyptian, Sending out an SOS and She Blinded Me with Science. I respond telling him to whip out Like a Virgin, Abradabracadabra and Bye, Bye, Bye. 

"Oh I'm going to sing the Backstreet Boys for sure. I even have this move," Dan spins on his toe does a double cross step into a box and ends with a "ta-da" and jazz hands. I have to admit it looks hilariously awesome. 

I love seeing people execute coordinated dance moves. It's so fascinating to see how our bodies can move. How people contort and skitter, how the skip and the step intermingle. I stumbled into a flash mob once. When I think about the act of movement, our dexterity, it's a bit like connecting to the universe. Truly seeing a crowd of bodies moving in unison slowed time. Being awake, it would seem, has always helped me deal with the trauma that is my life. If I can appreciate the air, I can deal with all the things life throws my way. 

I shake my head and my whole body involuntarily shudders into a spastic movement. I don't want to let the darkness of existence in any more today. I want to eat and drink and smoke and sing the cathartic song that is karaoke. 

"You need to work on your moves Mags." Dan stops suddenly. "Dude, I just realized, we have no idea where we're going." 

We look around. The bar across the street is clearly a destination for the future. It's dinner time. It's early evening and the air is a dry warm. Dan and I both realize that we're not going to need our sweaters, as we take them off simultaneously and head towards the left. We're taking a walk. There's no eatery in sight, but a bank looking building and a gas station lead us to the belief that if we just head in the right direction, we'll stumble upon dinner. 

"There's bound to be a IHOP or something down there. IHOP is ok. Everyone loves the Swedish Pancake with Linderberry jam thing. Ohh man, I hope it it's not a Dennys! I don't think Dennys has ever been a good meal. I don't think it's possible to screw up cheap breakfast eggs, so it's not the food. It's more about the atmosphere, you know? At Dennys the pictures on the menu are no uncertain shade of default red from the printing shop." Dan puts air quotes around the word "default". "You pair that with garish yellow and it's just a straight up nightmare. I wish my eye couldn't see those colors together. I'd scrub the corneas off if they'd grow back quicker."

"Uh huh," I nod.

"Anyway, Dennys sucks. Waffle House has a special place in my heart though. I think Waffle House is where I became a man. I used to go in there at fifteen and just be. I'd drink coffee and draw on napkins and flirt with the old lady waitresses. They adored me. I order mine smothered and covered, the hash browns you know?"

"Yeah, I grew up in the South too, Dan."

"Right. Well, sometimes I'd get hit on, but the girls would hear my voice and go away again. Yeeaaahh, I'm fond of the old Waffle House."

"Do you notice that your assessment of these breakfast establishments is focused exclusively on how you feel inside of them rather than the quality of the food?"

"Why would I talk about the best breakfast establishment I've ever been to? It's hard to choose anyway. I mean the Pancake House in Everitt is pretty stellar, but once after a night of drinking in Kyoto, I found Eggs & Things, and it saved my soul. I'm not a fan of fish for breakfast, Maggie, I. Am. Not. Eggs & Things was exactly what I hoped it would be walking towards the baby blue signage," Dan pontificates. "For upon being granted access to the adorable little eatery, I discovered that not only did they have eggs, they also had things."

"We're probably not going to find that kind of ecstatic happiness in this town. Probably not."

"Hey man, I'm hungry enough I'd eat at a Bojangles. Do they have breakfast all day at Bojangles? I honestly cannot remember."

There's a bell above the door of the diner we walk into. It's a small brick building with red booths – quintessential Americano. The waitress looks about fifty five and has been smoking cigarettes for 60 years. The kid on the grill is about nineteen and has likely never been out of Ely. The place is almost full, surprisingly, and we assume that it's the only place in town. The chatter dies down when we enter the room, and we turn on our innocent out-of-towner routine. 

"Oh thank goodness honeypot," Dan says in a borderline Southern accent. "I was sure this place would be closed, if we don't get some gas in our tanks, we ain't never gonna make it to Duckwater."

I'm phased by the way he says Duckwater. I'd seen it not far away on the map and had smiled at the name. Duckwater. It's just a glorious sounding word. It made me want to go there when I saw it. That Dan also noticed it made me feel connected. I think Dan might be my best friend. The thought surprises me, but I recover.

"Don't I know it. Ma'am, can we just sit on down there?" I gesture to an empty booth. The waitress tips her head towards the booth but doesn't smile. Her dark, dark eyes hang behind layers of baggage and her face looks as if it's melting off. The deadened skin sags down from around her eyes into hard wrinkles on the side of her face. Her cheeks are hollow. We make our way to the booth and I let the fuzz of the world blur my vision. I dial an inner dial and ignore the hunters and the 'we're the shy people in this town' couple. I ignore the burning cigarette and the old fat lady leaning at the counter. I ignore the industrial size salt shaker. I ignore the women with eight empty creamers next the her cup. I take the seat facing the door, and Dan slides in sideways with his arm on the back of the booth. 

"See? Isn't this great," whispers Dan excitedly, "you really get to see the local color! What do you think? You think that guy in the trench and red baseball cap has a wooden leg? Look at that shoe! Is that a real shoe even? Is it a block of wood?"

"Don't turn around, but the lady in your blindspot has really, really long fingernails."

"Oh! Oh! Oh! Does she have feathered bangs? Please say yes, please say yes!" 

"She does, she does, but don't be all obvious about it."

Dan does a awkward stretch and point and says loudly "See hun? This here is what them art people call 'modern aesthetic diner'." He nonchalantly looks at the woman over his right shoulder. Turning back he says, "Yeppers, I do love me a good diner."

"I thought your love only pertained to breakfast establishments."

"Every real diner is a breakfast place," Dan says and as if on cue the waitress saunters up and says "We've got breakfast all day, what'll ya have."

"Well I'll have a three egg omelette with mushrooms, cheese, spinach and tomatoes. I also have two sides of bacon and a chocolate milkshake."

"Ain't got no spinatch and the 'maters are for the burgers. We got ketchup."

"The 'maters?" Dan trails before he rights himself, "Ketchup's great."

"And yew missy?"

"Missy?" I trail. "Uh yeah, I'll have two eggs over easy, a side of sausage patties and a cup of coffee."

"Either of y'all want bread?"

"Yes," Dan says.

"White or brown?"

"Uh...white."

"And yew missy?"

"No thanks."

"Alrighty..." and she slinks away back towards the kitchen. 

We stare at each other with wide eyes.

"White or brown!?" We whisper in unison. After a few minutes more of giggling about our place in this strange, strange world. Dan and I forget our roles as innocent out-of-towners. We sit and chat about whatever pops up and figure our diction alone makes us unintelligible for the clientele of the diner. Our conversation spans art and music, theology and time. 

The human relationship with time is a funny thing. The slow walk of a person alone in the world unconcerned with time is the most curious kind of input. Whether I'm the slow walker or I see them floating around the art museum, time stutters. Sometimes we can really see what's around us and that slow walk is the catalyst. There are moments when the rest of life has a sheer white curtain of film clinging to it. The normalities of human existence, like the dishwasher and the necessity for grocery shopping on a regular basis, take on a haunting glow of real. When time collapses around you, you must use that collapse to absorb the beauty in the world. Time stops to allow you to experience life. 

Since my nap, I've felt as if time didn't matter anymore. That there is no longer reason to fear about what may come. I think I've found a sort of zen. Perhaps, I'm so confident of the disaster that is about to come, my resign has led to an exceptional sort of indifference. 

Dan is considering the social acceptance of fanny packs. "I think they came from East Germany, to be honest. I don't know if that's where they were invented or anything, I just think the East Germans of the eighties popularized them."

"Yeah," I say, "There's fanny packs everywhere in Germany, but they do have some more modern kind of hip packs. Or thigh packs. I still cringe when I see people with the bulky ones though, for sure."

"I know, it's as if the East Germans were just playing some sort of prank. Like after the reunification, the dudes from the East wanted to schadenfreud a little on us wessies."

The waitress comes and brings us our food. It tastes like every other breakfast place. Dan says as much and then describes his breakfast establishment rating system. He purposefully makes no sense, and I feel like I'm going to snort coffee out of my nose any second. I'm thankful when we're finished.

We pay the bill and feel the eyes burning into our backs as we leave the diner. Outside is fading to darkness. A dark cerulean line fades into a foggy blue and the gradient of night extends into the sky, pushing the kiss of the sun into the planet. We head back down from whence we came, engulfed in the sombre outside. Objective reality surrounds us in the walk towards the Crazy Eight Bar. 

Inside is dimly lit and feels very orange. The bar is immaculately shabby - perfectly clean, but run down just like the psychedelic mall in St Louis. The bar to the left has a tall glass shelf holding liquor and schnapps and five or seven taps of different kinds of beer. The beers are all American piss waters, save for one tap housing Sam Adams Boston Lager. Along the bar are twelve stools, three of which are occupied and scattered throughout the room are low jazz club tables with two chairs each. The vibe is perfect for a poetry slam, but I imagine a poetry slam in this place would not be well visited. At the front of the room is a low two person stage with a monitor in front of it. I don't hear music, and there's no one on the stage. We must be early.

Dan walks up to the bar, orders two Sam Adams and two shots of vodka. He doesn't ask me what I want, and I don't intervene. The drinks are given with no further interaction. We sit at one of the low tables, drink the vodka first and then recline into our hard chairs staring at the stage.

"I wonder how much fun karaoke is when there's no one to watch you karaoke," Dan says.

"Well in Asia all the karaoke places have private rooms. I wonder how often business men go there to sing alone."

"I can sing alone in the shower."

We sit in silence for the length of time it takes us to drink our pints. No one comes into the bar, and no one leaves. Dan orders two more beers.

"So what do you think?" I ask. "Are we going to sing, or is this sad, orange place just going to be a watering hole before we sleep."

"I fear the latter, I don't know how I should dust off this depressing." As soon as Dan's sentence is finished, the door opens and four drunk teenagers enter the pub. No more than twenty, they're loud boisterous and making no sense at all. I glance at the man behind the bar. He takes out four glasses and starts mixing some sort of cocktail. I see at least three different liquors go into the glasses. 

"Hey ho Bruto my man! Already making the usual, I see," says one of the two guys. Their girlfriends giggle delightfully, and I see Dan's smile grow into the satisfied look of entertained.

"Is the machine on? Carla wants to sing 'I will survive' first, I think."

"No I don't," says Carla, "I want to sing Bon Jovi's Shot through the Heart!"

"Good choice," says Dan, and all at once our presence is noticed. As if a gust of wind blew open the door, everyone in the bar turns to look at us. 

"Ohhh, strangers!" Says the other boy. He walks towards us swings a chair around and sits a foot away from us with a maniacal look on his face. "So you're the folks everyone is talking about."

"Everyone?" I say raising one eyebrow.

"Yup, you came to town, everyone is jibber jabbering about thinking you're either going to cause irrevocable destruction or save us from ourselves. I'm Kurt." Kurt says.

"Hi Kurt, I'm Dan. We are here to bring the light of God and a rocket ship full of candy to your town. We will also get drunk and sing old school rap."

"Fantastic!" the kid says, and his grin widens. I'm still impressed that he used the word 'irrevocable' correctly. "Welcome to the party," and Kurt stands up pulls three more chairs towards him and summons his friends to come sit down.

"Sorry about Kurt," says Not-Carla. "People are only talking about you because most of the people who stop here go straight to the motel and sleep. They don't go to the diner, and they definitely don't come here."

"Heh. Well, we only stayed because of this place." I say, meaning it. "We are in need of karaoke."

"Hell yeah," says the other guy, "it's cathartic. I love karaoke."

Suddenly the intro chords of Shot through the Heart come across the speaker system, and I realize Carla is already on stage with a mic in one hand and a laptop on a small table. It's YouTube karaoke. 

Her friends turn their chairs around and start screaming at her like she's the world's most famous rockstar. Her rendition is on point, vocal styling matching Bon Jovi's. Dan and I look at each other. We've found true karaoke in the middle of nowhere. 

I feel everything slip away as the beer flows and the evening progresses. We find ourselves caught in a present that erases everything else. 

At some point in the evening, in between the Beastie Boys Sabotage and my own version of Mercedes Benz by Janis Joplin, Dan tells our new friends that we're intending on visiting the railway museum in the morning.

"Well that's a stop you can probably skip," Kurt says tossing back the rest of his beer and indicating to the bartender that he'd like another. He slides out his chair to acquire his new drink and says, "The two headed calf is obviously fake and the old guy that sits behind the desk hates visitors."

"It's true," says Kayla, who turns out to be Carla's sister and an excellent songstress. "Burt is cantankerous."

"How is it that you four can use all these fifty cent words when the rest of your people seem to be drooling on themselves? No offense." Dan says offensively.

"None taken. This town is pathetic, there's nothing to do but read and daydream about escaping it."

"Why don't you move?" I ask seriously.

"Because we haven't found a stranger with a van yet, and it wouldn't be fair if any of us got left behind."

"We only have a jeep," Dan says, "but you can pile in and we'll take you to California."

"That is the dream," says Kurt, sitting back down and slamming his beer on the table hard enough that it slops out over the side of the glass. "But, we're waiting on a hippie couple in a camper."

"You might be waiting a long time," I say.

"Yep, but it doesn't matter. We're all just killing time before we die."

---
Dan and I wake up at ten and decide the railway museum is a good place to enjoy a cup of coffee, which we buy from a gas station on our way out of town. Dan's annoyed by the gas station stop as it's a left out of the motel parking lot and the railway museum is to the right. He rants under his breath about hating backtracking. I ignore him knowing that he'd hate the lack of coffee even more. Besides, it's only a half mile, maybe less, that we have to backtrack.

We snake through the country side in a fantastically grey morning. 

*Can I get a update?* Dan's driving so I use the boring landscape as an excuse to text Oscar and see what's happening on his side. I forget about the time difference for a moment and then remember that it goes the other way, it's not early in Everitt. 

"It's not going to take us more than about twenty minutes to find this museum," Dan says. "It's gotta be visible within a thirty mile radius, it's fucking flat out here."

"It's not that flat. Remember Iowa?" I'm not feeling silly at all, but I don't feel like killing our moods with my disillusionment and worry.

"Yeah, you're right, this isn't flat." We fall into a comfortable silence. 

*Not much of an update to give, I'm afraid. There's nothing in the system about you anymore. As if you've disappeared completely.*

*Cover up.*

*Cover up.* 

 *So what do we do next? Seems like there must be something we ought to do, no?*

*Eric and June fell off the map, like you said. I haven't heard anything from InterVision either. No chatter, no news. Full on ghost mode happening.*

*So what do you suggest? Can I do something? I could be in the Bay Area today.*

*And that helps how?*

*Dan and I could go to InterVision and see what the fuck is going on.*

*Don't be stupid. There's a wide-spread cover-up happening, I'm pretty sure InterVision is involved. Military contract plus augmented tech plus shady-as-fuck corporate entity totally equals involvement. Plus, Eric and June.*

*Exactly, that's why we should head in. We're not amateurs.*

*Maybe not but at the very least you should let me do some fucking recon. Just stand by, I need more time.*

*Fine, standing bye. Thanks Oscar.*

*You owe me so much beer.*

*Oh come on, you know you're part of this now.*

"What's Oscar have to say then?" Dan asks as I sigh loudly and put my phone away. "Are we all going to die or what?"

"Probably. Oscar says he needs more time. He hasn't found the connection between Harron and InterVision. I'm starting to wonder if there is one."

"There is, for sure. So we aren't driving through to SF?"

"No. We'll go to Sonora. It's the only sane thing to do for now."

"Plus there are four wheelers."

"Yes, Dan, there are four wheelers."

Dan swings the jeep around a corner, and we see a tiny arrow with the words "Nevada Northern Railway Museum" handwritten in black letters. Dan turns right to follow the arrow and within minutes we see a small square building rising out of the dust. The asphalt road turns to dirt. The parking lot is dirt. The front door is open and the dark light of inside spills onto the porch.

We park the car. Dan's mood is less excited then I would have thought. In fact he's outright sombre today.

"Dude. Are you ok?"

"Actually I think I spent all my happy chemicals on my morning masturbation, and I'm just in a foul mood."

"I don't think I've ever seen you in a foul mood."

"It won't last long, just shut up a while, will you?"

"Sure thing friend," I say sincerely, and Dan looks relieved that I don't push him or make fun.

The floor boards squeak as we walk across the porch. No one comes to greet us as we step into the dusky museum. As our eyes adjust to the darkness, we see a sign that says "Wander freely, you'll pay before you leave. We guarantee it." Underneath the words is a crude drawing of a shotgun on top of a confederate flag.

"Huh. I didn't know that the confederacy extended out to Nevada," Dan whispers.

The museum is tiny, but filled to the brim with things that have no place in a railway museum. It's as if a taxidermist and a train conductor got married and started sharing a life. Between model trains and photographs from the great railway construction of times of yore are dead animals and birds, stuffed and displayed. Butterflies are pinned inside rotting wooden frames, and the skulls of small animals are bleached and labeled. Old oriental carpets cover the floor, and in places where the carpet doesn't quite connect, the floorboards creak loudly. 

Dan stops, staring at a stuffed badger. "He's pretty cute actually."

"Yeah, but look at this one," I say, staring at a freshly stuffed cockatoo. Pins hold its feathers into place. More pins pin the inside of the bird's eyes back, pulling at the lids to reveal glass eyeballs and the tiniest trace of glue. "It looks like Pinhead."

"PINHEAD!? What WAS the name of that movie!?" Dan is a bit loud, suddenly excited by the elicited memory of a movie he hadn't seen in a long time.

"Hellraiser," says a voice from behind.

"Yeah man, thanks," Dan says without turning around.

"Yew all makin fun of my collection? Yew definitely lookin at it for free."

I've already stood up and am looking the old man in the face. Despite the warning, I'm not worried about some cantankerous old man. 

"We aren't looking at it for free," I say calmly, "the sign at the front clearly states that you'll come and collect your money."

"Yew shoulda come and found me," Burt says. "I ain't running a charity."

"Oh for fuck's sake," Dan says holding twenty dollars out in Burt's direction, "just take the money."

Burt's eyebrows go up at the twenty, "I ain't given no change to a couple of hoodlums who tried to steal from me."

"Keep it," I say, "and tell me about this stuffed polar bear. What's it got to do with the railway?"

Burt's face relaxes a bit, and he begins to explain that although most of the stuff doesn't have anything to do with the railway, everything in the museum is interesting in the Nevada perspective. He spews an awful amount of complete nonsense, including the "fact" that all the animals and insects "died of natural causes". Clearly not the case, as the butterflies must have been captured in a net and the two headed cow is actually two cows shot and sewn together. 

"The interesting thing about polar bears is all them damn hippies tryin' to save them," Burt continues. "They say the climate's warmin' up and the bears dyin' from it, but that's a load of hogwash. Damn polar bears are apex predators. Ain't the lack of food mysteriously disappeared because of some mythical, unnatural thing we humans did that's killin the bears."

"Well, their territory is getting smaller because of melting ice caps and..."

"No matter, them bears die because they get too old to feed themselves. They're geriatrics, can't run no more. Polar bears starve to death most of the time."

Burt rambles on about the state of the Arctic without answering my question, and Dan fingers stuffed birds while Burt focuses his attention on me. I'm dazing out but keep nodding to encourage the old man not to get upset at my lack of attention and go for his gun. 

"Yew better not get blood on the polar bear..." 

I barely register the sentence. My nose is bleeding again.
