
#Chapter 11


"What do you think? Should we stay in Topeka?"

"No."

"Why not? I'm hungry and I'm tired of driving again."

"I know, but we can't stay in Topeka. It's the capital of Kansas."

"So?"

Dan sighs loudly. "Sooo, one in five Topekians, or whatever the fuck they're called, work for the Kansas government, which means that one in five people is so dedicated to Kansas that they have government jobs."

"Uh, or they just get good healthcare because they work for the government?"

Dan laughs wildly, "This is the US sugarplum, ain't no one got 'good healthcare'." Dan rolls down his window, "Hear that patriots!? Even the Vietnamese have better healthcare than you do, and we lost a war to them!"

Eric hasn't called me back, and he hasn't texted either. Dan has been animated on the drive since St Louis, and has been talking my ear off. He bought a bottle of Jack twenty minutes after we left the mall and has been sipping it ever since. He wanted beer, but I convinced him that a bottle of hard liquor was better because he wouldn't have to pee as much. Sure enough, we'd stopped once in four and a half hours, a vast improvement over the average 2 stops an hour we'd made back in Virginia. 

I decide I have another hour in me and inform Dan that we'll be staying in Junction City. 

"Google says there's a Motel 6 just off the interstate."

"Nope," I say, "you need to google some more and find us the nicest hotel that town has to offer."

"You realize you're asking me to find something in Junction City, Kansas, right?"

"Don't care. Polyester comforters and cockroaches aren't my thing. I'm not staying at a shitty motel off the interstate."

"Motel 6 is a nationwide chain. I'm sure they have standards, Mags."

"Yeah, standards for crackheads. You refused Topeka, I refuse Motel 6. Deal with it."

"Dealing."

Dan finds us a suitable hotel complete with functioning wifi and a swimming pool sans moss. We eat dinner at the hotel restaurant, the Brasserie. The restaurant is less delicious than one would expect from the French sounding name. Dan orders two bottles of wine, one red, one white. I drink a single glass of the red, a Bordeaux, and Dan basically chugs the rest of the two bottles in the forty five minutes we're sitting there. As we finish our desserts, Dan announces that he's had enough and is going to have a swim and a nap. I ask him if he should be swimming while intoxicated. He responds that the swim is a replacement for showering and that he's drunk in the shower ninety-nine percent of the time. Then he starts singing a Soul Asylum song with "ninety-nine percent of the time" in the lyrics and leaves me with the bill. 

I'm thankful for the reprieve. As Dan splashes around in the pool on the fourth floor, I try to call Eric. I send him an email when he doesn't answer. I don't write where we are or where we're going, just that I miss him and don't like that I haven't heard a word from him in over twelve hours. 

For the last two weeks, Eric and I have traded phone calls, texts or in person jabs consistently. We were interacting to fall asleep and waking up with a quick text to announce that one of us had awoken. The longest I'd gone without texting him was about a four hour period while I was driving. Now I'd called a couple times, sent about twenty texts, and topped it off with an email. I'm feeling like he's ignoring me, and I don't like the feeling. I find myself jealous of anyone else in his world who is getting his attention. He's paying someone else attention. Jealousy rages inside of me. I try to curb the emotions. Rationalize all the reasons I shouldn't feel what I'm feeling. I try to force myself to not feel hurt.

Just as I'm convincing myself that it's ok to experience emotions, my phone beeps to indicate a new text. For a split second, I feel relief until I remember that I turned off Eric's notification buzz on the second day of our continuous interaction. He was constantly causing my phone to beep, so I got into the habit of checking for him on a near constant basis. I sigh, still hoping somehow it's a text from him and grab my phone. It tells me I have a new encrypted message.

*Quietly, without any sort of to-do, the news reports and press releases stopped mentioning you.  I thought it was odd that none of the channels I'm scanning mentioned you for the past couple of days, so I hacked into the police DB. It would seem you're either no longer a person of interest or you're so interesting that the cops have given you a new designation. It's as if your warrant never existed.*

Oscar is writing me on our Onyx IRC. My guess is that he's paranoid and doesn't trust a cell phone. 

*What do you think that means?* I type.

*Honestly, I think it means that the local police investigation on Harron has been handed over to federal authorities. I'll try to find files on this, but even with Mnemonic that level of encryption is hard to break.*

Staring at his message, I start to understand why he didn't call me. Oscar isn't paranoid, he's careful. And smart.

*Hm. Well, I think Eric has a contact at the FBI. Maybe you can brief him tomorrow morning and get him to reach out?* 

I can't remember if Oscar knows anything about me and Eric, but figure that if Eric isn't contacting me, it might be because he's hunkered down in Onyx working on the InterVision thing. It seemed to be on his mind when I left. I convince myself that something must have developed with June's project. I tell myself that Oscar might have a better chance of interrupting Eric than I seem to be having. My phone beeps again.

*Uh, don't you like text him constantly? Jacob sent June and Eric somewhere. I saw them leave.*

Ok. So June and Eric are together. He didn't say anything about it. My jealously spikes again, and I tell myself repeatedly that no one in their right mind would fall for June. Certainly not Eric. Then why hasn't he contacted me all day? If Jacob sent them together somewhere, it had to be for a client. But the only project June has been concerned with lately is InterVision. It stands to reason that June briefed Jacob on her plan, dragged Eric into it somehow, and Jacob sent them both to deal with something. The question is where did they go?

*Sent them where?*

*FFS, I don't know, text your boyfriend!*

I text back. 

*He dropped off the map. I haven't heard from him all day. If I'm under a federal investigation now, it'd be helpful to have Eric talk to his guy at the FBI. Don't be belligerent, just help me* I know I sound frustrated, but it really seems like a waste of time to have Oscar passively aggressively trying to figure out my relationship with Eric. I stare at my phone for an hour, but Oscar doesn't type back. 

It's late. I'm drowsy. I feel myself start to drift off and feel strange that Eric isn't typing me to sleep. Usually we say goodnight for almost an hour. Typing sweet nothings until the time we're in the same room again. I feel a knot in my stomach. Something is off.

Seven hours later, I look at the clock. It's 8:34am. I check my phone for Eric's 'Morning x'. It's not there. A message from Oscar, sent at 4:17am reads, 

*Jacob sent Eric and June to InterVision in the Bay Area.*

*Morning* I text Eric, no "x". I'm angry. I feel really angry at him. Our Onyx phones have worldwide coverage. He's somewhere in California. He hasn't said a word to me in 24 hours. No voicemail, no nothing. 

*Are you ok? I'm worried.* I realize that I am worried. But more angry. I feel like I'm faking the worry just to get him to respond. The only thing I'm really worried about is June's fat breasts slapping him in the face. I envision the two of them falling in love and me being cut out. Again with the psychotic jealousy. No one would be in love with June. Besides, fuck him. I'm angry.

I decide that I'm mostly angry because it's the morning, and I haven't had any coffee yet. I slump out of bed, fill the mini K-Cup coffee machine with water and choose the dark roast pod to put into the machine. Once I've drunk half the cup, I pick up the hotel phone and dial Dan's room number.

"FUCK YOU," Dan answers and hangs up the phone. I smile. At least I have Dan to entertain me, and it sounds like he's nice and hungover. I wait ten minutes and then I call back.

"I said, 'fuck you'," but he doesn't hang up. "What do you want?"

"You ready for breakfast?"

"No, goddamnit, I want to sleep for another four hours."

"Too bad, dude. I'm leaving at exactly ten o'clock. It's going to take us like seven hours to get to Denver. Probably longer if you start drinking at lunch time like you usually do."

"Fuck that noise, I'm drinking at breakfast. It's Sunday. Mimosa Day."

"I was actually thinking you could drive today, and I could have Mimosas." 

Dan emits a heavy, exaggerated sign, "Fiiiiine. But I'm having a mimosa. I've earned it."

"How? By waking up?"

"Yes. I drank so much whisky last night, I should be dead."

"Whisky? You drank wine, not whisky." After dinner last night, I didn't see Dan again. We had opted for separate rooms. I had convinced him that I wanted to get a good night's sleep, but actually I was hoping to have phone sex with my boyfriend, the asshole who hasn't turned up since yesterday morning. Maybe that's why I was feeling so angry. I hadn't had an orgasm in three days and our last night together deserves to be relived, even if it's in text or as phone sex.

"Correction: I had whisky AND wine. It was divine. Even sublime. But now it's not fine. I'm...what's negative and rhymes with 'fine'."

"No more rhyming. Come on, meet me at the car in twenty minutes."

"Thirty."

"Twenty, you jacked off last night and you know it."

"Yeah, I did. Ok, but I still get to have a mimosa."

I hang up the phone and lean back to finish my coffee. He's at InterVision, not on some romantic getaway with June. Jacob sent them to California. Something about neuro-stimulation and a centralized command center. Something about augmented reality contact lenses. InterVision, not a holiday. 

I'm still angry, but the worry is starting to grow. The more awake I become, the more sure I am that Eric wouldn't just ignore me without some sort of reasoning. How we've touched, how we are, it means something. It's not just physical, it can't be. He cares too much. So why is he ignoring me? 

He and June are probably inside the belly of the beast at InterVision and he can't use his phone. This seems like a completely rational explanation. Scott Spencer probably told them that they would need to leave all communication devices with the security desk for the entire time they were on the InterVision campus. 

I decide that my rationale is the most likely culprit for Eric's disappearance from my phone. I let the anger and the worry subside with this explanation and try to put Eric out of my mind for a while. I take a quick shower without getting my hair wet and dress. Then I go downstairs to meet Dan.

---
I'm not drunk, but I have the beautiful foggy feeling of Sunday morning mimosas. Dan is driving. He had three mimosas, I had six. We didn't manage to leave until nearly noon. The breakfast place we went to had a Hawaiian theme. Alongside the Hawaiian shirts of the waitstaff, flowers drawn on the menu and a wooden surf board hanging on the wall, the only other Hawaiian thing about it was the inclusion of pineapple in nearly every dish. The tables were recycled teak, remnants of blues and yellows covered the tabletops. The chairs matched the blues and yellows in a spectacular way, each plastic backing a slightly different color, but close enough to one another that the visual disruption was kept to a minimum. The overall decor was friendly as was our server.

The place was built for pancakes, but also had seven different kinds of eggs Benedict. I, staying true to my values, ordered eggs Florentine and mentally compared them with the eggs Florentine Eric made me last week. Dan, staying true to his gluttony, ordered a three egg omelet called the "Kitchen Sink", which had everything the kitchen could put into a three egg omelet except for the kitchen sink. It had four kinds of cheese, mushrooms, tomatoes, chorizo, bacon, ham, onions, olives and so on. Dan also ordered a side of bacon and a six stack of pancakes, with pineapple, banana, strawberries and whipped cream. 

After literally licking the plate of his pancakes, Dan announced that he wouldn't be moving for at least thirty minutes. So I had ordered another mimosa and we sat in the brightly lit Hawaiian-themed eggs place and talked about what we should do in Denver. Dan was insistent that we should go bar-hopping and drink whisky until three in the morning. I was insistent that we do something, anything, other than drink ourselves to death. 

We wouldn't be getting in until at least 7 p.m., so I used my phone to internet around on "nighttime Denver". There were lists of the best whisky bars in the city, and Dan had used the search results to proclaim his correctness in all things nighttime related. Then he'd gone to the bathroom for long enough that I could search for more cultural activities that might be taking place. 

I didn't care what we did, I just didn't feel like bar hopping. I've drunk enough the past couple of weeks. I knew that whatever I found, there would need to be booze involved. Dan was always an alcoholic but even in the last couple of weeks, I had noticed an uptake in his alcohol consumption. I would judge, but in the last couple of weeks my alcohol consumption has mirrored my stress level. Hence Sunday morning drinking on the morning that Eric doesn't text me.

After clicking through about seventeen "Top Ten Things to Do in Denver" lists, I get smart and load up a Denver newspaper website. The paper has a "Today's the Day" section, which outlines the activities of the day. "Zooming the Zoo" catches my eye even though I know we won't be in Denver in time to attend anything that happens during the day. Low and behold the special event is a nighttime tour of the zoo for special guests and donors. A $150 donation will give me instant access, for two people, to the "premier gala event" with "corrugated nighttime vision goggles". The use of the word "corrugated" is enough to pique my curiosity, and I donate the $150 dollars and put in a burner email address to have them send the tickets to. When Dan coms back to the table, I inform him of our nighttime activity. Understandably, he says he is ready to go.

I sleep in the passenger seat for a couple of hours and when I awaken my mimosa buzz has turned into a different kind of fog. We've been driving for six hours already. I dreamt of night vision goggles and tell Dan about my dream.

"Yeah," he responds, "but tonight we'll be using *corrugated* goggles. That's something even you couldn't dream up."

"What do you think that means?"

"Probably that they're made out of paper and not really night vision goggles. I'll bet the zoo just turns on all the lights and tries to convince us there are no lights on."

"You ... "

"And we're going to see the flamingos first," Dan interrupts. "I don't care if you want to see gorillas, flamingos are where it's at. Those crazy birds have knees! I wonder what their knees look like in the dark."

"Yes, Dan, we'll go see the flamingos first with our corrugated night vision goggles."

The last hour to Denver, Dan and I talk about all the animals we're going to see and muse about whether or not the premier gala event will have golf carts to cart us around in. We decide to get a room near the zoo just so that we can park the Jeep in a hotel parking garage. Without unloading our things, we head straight for the zoo and are surprised at the limited number of people who are milling around the entrance. In a city of 680,000, you'd think more people would be morbidly interested in the special nighttime event at the zoo.

"People are petarded," Dan rationalizes. "They don't know their asses from their elbows. Fucking peasants."

As we approach the gate, a young woman with a clipboard asks our names. I pull out my phone and show her the downloaded ticket. 

"Oh fantastic! Thank you for your donation."

"I couldn't resist. I don't know what corrugated night vision goggles are, but we're here to learn." The woman puts arm bands on both of us and directs us to a kiosk inside the gate. 

"You can pick up the goggles and a map there," looking Dan over she adds, "and you'll find the map indicates a number of champagne stops on the tour."

"Real champagne!?" Dan asks.

"Sorry?"

"Is it real champagne at the champagne stops?"

"What do you mean?" Dan takes an extra five minutes out of his day to chastise the woman for being a rube and explains to her that real champagne only comes from the Champagne region in France. He explains to her that cheap champagne is called Prosecco or Sekt or sparkling wine, and that he seriously doubts that the zoo is springing for real champagne. 

The young woman smiles broadly and says "Well thank you sir. Education and a love of learning is the reason I chose to make nine dollars an hour standing at the gate of a zoo. I do appreciate your insufferable tirade, maybe on your way out you can tell me about all the other nuances alcoholics know about their drug of choice."

I start laughing and give her a high five. Dan playfully sulks and then tells her that she is, without a doubt, the most fantastic gate stander he's ever had the pleasure of meeting. Perhaps, he says, on the way out she'd like to come with us to explore the best bars in the city.

"Not if you read a list on the internet, I don't. Those lists don't know shit. Have a nice time."

Dan smiles widely and we turn to head toward the kiosk to collect our night vision goggles. The goggles are, in fact, corrugated. The casing around the glass lenses has gentle waves and swoops designed for quick and easy use. My finger tips slide easily around the goggles, making it quite simple to put them on, take them off and push the mode button to switch between heat seeking, infrared and the typical night vision green. The technology seems advanced, and I'm curious as to how a city zoo received funding for these kinds of goggles. I ask Dan the same and a man behind us answers. 

"They were a gift from a company called InterVision."

"No shit," says Dan.

"Sorry, I didn't mean to eavesdrop."

"That's quite alright," I answer. "Why would InterVision make such a gift? This technology is expensive."

"Did you read the form you just signed?" The man asks. To borrow the goggles, both Dan and I had signed a form. Neither of us read it, we both assumed it was a standard form saying that if we fucked up the goggles, we'd have to pay for them.

"No, I figured it just said if we fucked up the goggles, we'd have to pay for them."

"Well it said that too," says the man. "But more interestingly it said that we allow the zoo to transmit data back to InterVision. Or, as they called it on the form 'our sponsor and partner in the technology industry."

"How do you know they're from InterVision," Dan asks as I'm scanning the goggles looking for a brand or a label of some sort.

"I've been donating to the zoo for forty years. They send me annual reports and crap. I remembered reading about the technology partner thing a year or so ago. Struck me as cliche at the time. All the non-profits are making partnerships with tech firms nowadays."

"Yeah," I say, "They're trying to bring digital into real spaces all over the place. Because surely augmented and virtual realities are much easier to understand than actual reality."

The man laughs as a woman approaches him, "Ready, dear?"

"Ready. Nice talking to you folks. Have fun and turn on the heat seeking mode near the sugar gliders. They mate at night." The man and the woman walk away towards the Feline section. 

"That guy was super weird and awesome," Dan says scanning the zoo map. "Look here, there's a champagne stop near the rhino. It's on the way to flamingos." Dan pulls the goggles over his eyes, "Infrared for a while?"

"Hold on. Are we really ok with sending our eye data to InterVision? I mean, what if they have some sort of technology that can be used to identify us in these things?" I'm worried about my no-longer-a-person-of-interest status. I'm worried about the relationship between InterVision and the government. I have no idea how deep the relationship is, if there even is one.

"I promise you, Mags, there is no way in hell that InterVision gives a shit about identity in this data collection. They're collecting eye movement information associated with emotional response." Dan looks at me seriously. "Those augmented reality contacts they're making aren't ready yet. You know about the spatial issues they have, right?"

"Kind of..." I answer uncertain at how Dan knows anything about the InterVision file. 

"Well they can't do neuro-stimulation without figuring out exactly how many millimeters between a certain person's emotional memory bank and their motor association cortex."

"Uh..."

"Ok, it's like this. Every person's brain is laid out the same way. But there are differences in the space between different regions. It's nano-millimeters or whatever, but the difference means that if they try to send a signal along certain neuro-pathways in one person and do the same inside the brain of another person, the distance they need to send the signal along is different."

"And how does that have anything to do with eye movement and the emotional response?" I'm suddenly concerned about the seriousness with which Dan is addressing this subject. It's rare that I hear him speak so factually about anything, let alone the complicated neural networks in the human brain. We continue walking slowly towards the first champagne stop, barely moving actually, as Dan stops completely every few seconds to explain.

"They can measure how long it takes a person to feel fear or excitement or boredom based on how quickly the pupil dilates in response to a particular stimulation. Based on this measurement, taken millions of times, they can find an average length of neural pathway between the visual cortex and the prefrontal cortex. Then, with some more data and shit, they can measure the distance between other regions of the brain based on averages. You know, they do some math. I guess."

"You guess?" I ask, sincerely, as I'm amazed by the depth of understanding Dan seems to have about not only the InterVision project, but the human brain generally. 

"Yeah, I mean, they have to get it exactly right for each person, which means that there's got to be some sort of centralized command center in the works. They'll need operators to adjust the last nano-nano-millimeter within a particular subject, but if they get the tech to that level of sophistication, that adjustment will take nanoseconds and only be needed a single time."

"Ok. You've lost me. I don't know what you're talking about anymore."

"Maggie. I'm talking about fucking mind control. InterVision is developing their 'augmented reality contacts' for mind control. Like the motherfucking Twilight Zone style, all out, psycho humanoid mind control. And it would appear that they're already in the process of selling the tech to the US military. The goggles here," he taps his face, "and the data they're collecting is just due diligence. Chances are they already have enough data to finish the algorithm," Dan pauses for a moment. "But it's not done yet. They need better nerds."

We're silent for a few minutes as we slowly walk up to the first champagne stop. Dan takes two glasses and hands me one of them. Then he takes another. He downs the first and gives the glass back to a surprised looking bartender. We turn slowly to the left, pausing to look through our goggles at the cheetah sleeping inside a log. 

"I thought the feline section was in the other direction."

"Yeah, but the kangaroos are over here, so maybe it's an Australian cheetah."

"Cheetahs aren't native to Australia."

"Well, Christ, Ms Know-it-all," Dan swears, "maybe this one is from an Australian zoo and is in love with one of the kangaroos. Maybe they got married and came here together to start a new life after the Australian zoo forbade their love and maybe, just maybe, they are fucking happy here. Stop being so judgey."

As we walk on, I feel bothered. I take a sip of the champagne, then say quietly "Dan?"

"Hmm?" He answers, distracted by a rather hyper skulk of foxes dancing around in their enclosure. 

I wonder if I've underestimated Dan lately. I've always known that he was good at his job, and smart, otherwise he wouldn't be at Onyx. But how on Earth he knows more about the InterVision project than I do, and such in-depth knowledge about the technology and the brain is beyond me. It's disconcerting to say the least. 

I think of Eric and realize that I'd been too hard on him for not texting me. I had ascribed any number of bad behaviors and subterfuge in my mind. I'd thought bad things. I'd been hurt and for no reason. Of course the InterVision project is complicated and evil. June never would have gotten the go ahead to stay on it if there hadn't been some sort of world shattering technology at play. Jacob and Eric wouldn't have allowed her to travel all over the place and buy an entire new wardrobe if there wasn't something serious going on. And mind control is pretty fucking serious business, even if it's only a vision document at this point. Even if the algorithm hadn't been developed, which, from the sound of it, it had. I wonder if June had miscalculated InterVision's progress on the technology. Maybe that's why Jacob had sent her and Eric to InterVision's corporate headquarters.

"Yeah? What?" Dan says, and I realize I'd been lost in thought.

"How do you know so much about the InterVision thing?" I ask seriously. 

Dan laughs. "Well I slept with June right before we left, so she told me some stuff. That got me curious. I went and read her InterVision files. Remember how I was late picking you up for this little excursion? That's why."

"What!? You slept with June!? How?" I genuinely want to know how Dan managed to get June into bed. She'd always hated him or seemed like she did. 

"Iz gotz game bitch."

"Jesus."

"Yeah, her boobs slapped me in the face while she was on top. It was almost painful."

"TMI!" I exclaim, disgusted.

"You asked."

"No, I asked about how you knew so much about InterVision. Was that all in the file?"

"Oh, mostly. I sort of figured out the extent of their spatial problem on my own. I studied neurology for a while. I was trying to figure out how I could manipulate my brain to get drunker in a pressured environment without me falling over or passing out."

"When was this?"

"On the flight back from KL when you were passed out, and I didn't have anyone to talk to."

"Heh? Where'd you get neurology books?"

"The fucking internet dipshit."

We're finally approaching Bird World and see another kiosk with booze. I finish the rest of my glass and accept the next one Dan hands me. We switch our goggles to the regular night mode in preparation for our arrival at the flamingo enclosure. Watching the birds and listening to Dan talk about how different their knees look depending on the goggle mode, I can't help but wonder what else Dan has studied randomly for a few hours and become a bonafide expert on.


---
*Please come to the McGrath Family Amphitheater immediately. We'd like to thank our donors with a special performance.*

Dan and I have spent the last hour and a half wandering around the zoo, collecting champagne at every champagne stop. We switched modes on the goggles and looked at all the animals. After some more considerations about the InterVision project, Dan got tired of talking about it and started making up extensive histories for certain animals. When I asked him why he didn't want to talk about InterVision anymore he said "Well, I figure when we get to California we're probably going to end up having to go there."

"What?" I ask, shocked. "Why?" 

"You're constantly checking your phone, but not typing anything. You've tried to call Eric twice and didn't seem to talk to him. He was getting wrapped up in the InterVision thing. I'm guessing Jacob sent him out there." 

Dan's perception floors me. I hadn't talked to him about any of the things I was feeling, and I hadn't mentioned Oscar's messages either. I was trying to keep Dan shielded from my worries and all of the things we'd left behind in Everitt. I was trying to let him have his road trip and vacation as much as possible. I tell him so. Dan answers in a soliloquy about how he's not stupid. He tells me that he came with me on the journey because he thought I needed to get away. He says a fresh perspective on the whole "hoo ha" of Harron would make me calm down and get back to normal. I tell him what Oscar said.

"He thinks it's federal now? Huh. Why though? What do the deaths of your surgical team have to do with anything federal?"

"No idea."

"That's so weird."

We pause to look at the camels before we walk across the lawn to the Amphitheater. There's a row of champagne kiosks on each side and the area is brimming with people. Everyone has their corrugated night vision goggles perched atop their heads. Floating lanterns glimmer on a u-shaped lake behind the pavilion.  Most of the people are wearing evening gowns and suits. Dan and I spot the man and woman from earlier surrounded by fifteen people and gesturing pervertedly. The atmosphere of the crowd is jovial. 

*Please take your seats. After our short performance, we invite you to resume socializing with hors d'oeuvres and champagne.* The announcement bellows over us, but the voice is sweet and quaint.

"It's not real champagne," Dan announces loudly to no one in particular. 

As we sit down the lanterns on the lake dim as do the spotlights above the lawn. The stage beneath the pavilion is bathed in purple and blue lights, and we see a number of caretakers dressed in spandex jumpsuits lead animals onto the stage. Most of the animals are monkeys, but a couple of young bears and a baby elephant are part of the spectacle as well. Music plays and a carefully choreographed march around the stage ensues. A singer sings a song written specially for the evening, and the animals dance and move for our pleasure. I feel slightly sickened as I think about how hard the animals must have been drilled to do something that seemed to be against the very nature of non-humans. It's a bit like watching a dolphin show and then reading about how dolphins need a half an ocean to be happy and that they show signs of intelligent aggression in captivity. To top it all off, there are lasers. After fifteen minutes or so, the animals leave the stage and another group of performers in spandex come out. They pull away the stage floor revealing trampolines underneath. For another five or ten minutes, the crowd oohs and ahhs at people jumping and flipping, bouncing and twirling. I feel like I'm going to hurl.

The show ends and the crowd claps wildly. Then the announcer invites us to enjoy the rest of our evening with snacks and booze. She suggests that we get to know our fellow donors, and a hodgepodge of movement occurs as the lights go up and servers begin moving amongst the people with trays of crab rolls and shrimp cocktails.

"You'd think a zoo party would be vegetarian," Dan says as he stuffs his third crab roll into his mouth. "I'm glad it's not though." We're surrounded by chatty drunk people, but have managed to keep to ourselves. I've downed glass after glass of champagne and eaten nothing. All at once the champagne hits me hard.

"Dude, we gotta go," I slur. Dan looks at me amused.

"Yeah? Little too much sauce my little sauce monkey," Dan smiles broadly. "You gonna puke?"

"Not yet. Not likely. Fucker." I take Dan's empty glass from him. "Wait here. I'll take these over there." I head off to the nearest kiosk to return the glasses. I set the first down and balance myself with one hand on the side of the bar. I go to set the other glass on the bar but misjudge the height. The bottom of the glass clips the side of the bar and the stem breaks. In a smooth fully drunken move, I bend to catch the falling foot of the glass and slam my head into the bar.

What I assume is several seconds later I open my eyes to see a crowd of people standing around me. Someone is dabbing my head with a wet cloth. 

"Nice move, genius." I turn my head to see Dan's face. The wet cloth dabs again and I turn my head in the other direction. The sugar glider man from earlier is holding the cloth, which is covered in blood. 

"Now don't worry, it's just a small wound. The head always bleeds a lot." The man takes a new cloth from a nearby server and asks me how I feel. I struggle to stand up. "No, no. Just stay put for a second. How do you feel?"

"Drunk and embarrassed. Ready to leave." I answer. The crowd laughs a little and I hear someone say "Oh she's fine." The people begin to drift away and the man's wife helps me to my feet. 

"Just go to bed. You'll have a hangover tomorrow and the world will be all alright," she says. I take the less bloody cloth from the man and expressed embarrassed, drunken thanks. 

"Don't mention it, this is the most exciting thing that's happened since that year the baby bear flipped out and ran at the crowd."

"A bear ran at this crowd? I bet some dresses were ripped in the stampede," Dan takes me by the arm.

"Indeed they did young man, indeed they did."

Dan half walks me half carries me out of the zoo. He hails us a cab and directs the taxi driver to our hotel. The ride is a blur as are the stairs into the lobby and the elevator ride to the sixth floor. 

"I'm glad we only got one room tonight," Dan murmurs as he pushes me out of the elevator. "I'm worried you'll died in your sleep if I'm not there to monitor your breathing."
