#Chapter 5

All the lights are off. There’s a fleece blanket tangled around my legs. My left arm is asleep, and my back is stuck to the leather couch. I know I’m in Jacob’s office, but I don’t know what time it is or how long I’ve been sleeping. I lean forward and grab the bottle of water sitting next to the couch. I drink half the bottle and then notice the note attached to it, “Pull out your phone and call me right this second. - Eric”. I do as the note tells me and dial Eric’s number. It rings twice, then hangs up. “I tried,” I think and sink back into the couch.

Twelve seconds later, I’m nearly asleep again, and Eric comes into the office. He gently pulls me up and sits down, laying my head in his lap. He strokes my hair as he looks down at me.

“You scared the shit out of me,” he says. “Don’t ever do that again.”

“I’m sorry, I just...I couldn’t help it.” I try to think, but everything is still a little cloudy. I’m so tired. “What time is it?”

“It’s almost four, you’ve been sleeping for twelve hours.” I know without asking that Eric has been checking in on me regularly. He looks a little tired. The bags under his eyes have gotten darker since I last saw him. 

“I got a nosebleed.”

“When?”

“Right before I collapsed in the hallway.” I tell Eric about Oscar and our meeting in the bar. It takes me a long time, but gradually the cloudiness clears a little. “Oh, I should probably check my emails.” I pull out my phone and open my inbox. Sure enough there’s an email from Oscar. 

*Hi Maggie,*

*I’m sorry I wasn’t a little bit more sympathetic. I really shouldn’t have been so flippant. You must be going nuts about this, and I was a bit of an asshole.*

*I’ve read a bunch of Harron’s IRCs. Your name did come up. Apparently, you were the only surgery that particular surgical team has had in the last week. The surgeon was on vacation, and the team was given time to catch up on paperwork. I also hacked into the lab records and found your biopsy results. They were marked ‘inconclusive’.*

*I’ve heard your name on the police frequency. They’ve issued a warrant for questioning, but I think you already knew that. They have a car outside your apartment.*

*When I find something else, I’ll let you know. Thanks for the beer, it made the afternoon fly by. I’ll be in touch.*

*--Oscar*

I reread the email aloud to Eric. He hasn’t stopped caressing me, and the look of worry hasn’t left his face. When I’m finished reading, I look up at him. 

“Eric?”

“Ok. Well you can’t go home, so you can come stay with me for a bit. There’s nothing I want more, actually.” I pull my head out of his lap and sit up, spinning around to face him. His eyes light up a little, and he wraps his arms around me, pulling me in. He kisses me slow and deep, and I feel the butterflies in my stomach disappear. Everything with him feels exactly right. 

“I’m so sorry that we’re starting this now,” I say.

“What do you mean by that?”

“I mean, I wish I would have told you how I felt a while ago. I wish we could have gotten to know each other before I started dying.”

“We still don’t know that you’re dying.”

“What about the nosebleed? The sleeping? What about the fact that I feel like I’m dying.”

“The nosebleed worries me, to be sure, but you had surgery a few days ago, and you’ve only been stressed. I’m going to take you home with me, and I’m going to make sure that you don’t move for the next three days. I’ve already told Jacob I’m not coming in. I’ve already canceled all of my appointments.”

“And if I die in your bed?”

“I’ll be devastated. So let’s make sure that doesn’t happen. Bethany should call in a couple of hours. For now, let’s go to my house.”

I drink the rest of the bottle of water, and Eric helps me up. I lean on him as we walk through the empty office. The InterVision papers that Dan threw from the conference table are still on the floor. 

“What did Dan say?”

“He asked us to call him tomorrow. We’ll ask him to keep up with the analyst. You don’t need to be doing that.” I’m still leaning on Eric, and he’s holding me close. He’s holding me as if I might break into a million pieces at any moment. One of the buttons on his jacket is digging into the side of my head, but I press my head in further. I always liked it when some part of me was indented. I barely notice the walk from Jacob’s office to the parking lot. The elevator ride is nowhere in my recollection. I assume I’m drifting in and out, and it’s only Eric that is keeping me on my feet. I climb into the A6 we had driven earlier. I watch the city streets zoom by but pay no attention to the direction we’re going in. 

Eventually, Eric pulls into an underground garage. Then he helps me to the lifts. In the elevator, Eric uses a key to access the top floor. He lives in the penthouse. I don’t know this person at all. The elevator opens to hardwood floors and automatic lighting. A stainless steel kitchen complete with island and one of those overhanging oven ventilator systems spreads out to my right. In front of me is an endless living room with a city view backdrop. To my left is a single door. Eric takes me towards it. 

His bedroom is expansive to say the least. It’s very nearly the size of the living room. 

I’m not registering any details anymore. The only thing I register is the softness of his bed and the way my head sinks into the down pillow.

---
    
I try to imagine it. I try to put myself in the orderlies shoes as they walk into the morgue to find a dead surgeon hovering over the body of a dead doctor. I try to smell the blood in the room. I try to imagine my own fight or flight response when someone or something were to attack me. The conversation Eric had with the orderly who hit the assailant, and his insistence that the man who killed the mortician was my dead surgeon made no sense to me. He said the assailant was slow, yet persistent in his malevolence. Why didn’t they just run away and call the police? The details are incredible, but I feel as if there are things that must have been lost in the translation. 

I’d slept another eight hours. I wasn’t awake at seven in the morning when Bethany called, and Eric went and talked to the orderly without me. He unloaded another thirty thousand dollars to get him to talk. Eric described him as nervous and fidgety. He got the impression that the orderly wasn’t supposed to be talking to anyone about the incident. I am cursing my body for being weak. Did the orderly really say that the surgeon was trying to *eat* him? What was the exact phrasing on that? I drill Eric for over an hour about the specifics of his conversation. I try to get a picture, but the more I push, the more often Eric says that I should try to take it easy.

What’s clear is that the orderly seems to believe that the surgeon who died a couple days ago “came back to life”, and not in a good way. He described a deteriorating human corpse lurching across a mortuary. He described a crazed psychopath. He described something out of an ancient necromancy book, something that didn’t make sense. He described a fucking zombie. I started asking questions about the legitimacy of this story. Eric’s only response was,

“If that guy was lying, he’s the best actor in the entire world.” He said the orderly was terrified, that there was no way he didn’t one hundred percent believe every word. I suggested psychological evaluation.

I mean, it’s ridiculous. No one fucking comes back to life, and I seriously doubt that the coroner at a major medical center like Harron would submit a press release claiming death if that wasn’t fully the case. My best guess was that seeing the murdered doctor and accidentally killing the assailant probably sent the orderly into some sort of shock. Maybe the event unlocked some horrors in his subconscious and the guy just went mad. 

Frankly, I’ve slept much of the last few days, and I am starting to grow weary of my predicament. It’s been a lot of information to take in, and the fact that I’m squarely in the middle of some sort of weird biological shit storm hasn’t been making me feel all so happy. I wake up, hear some kind of awful news loosely related to me through a random string of events, and my mind goes into a schizophrenic fury of choices I might have to make and scenarios that could play out. 

I’m basically not present half the time. Even now, with Eric, I’m somewhere else in between my words. I am having this conversation on autopilot. I know that I won’t recollect half of what he says if it doesn’t pertain to the thematic topic I’ve been busy with all week. I try to listen. I know I catch some of it, but every once in a while my mind wanders, and I find myself wondering what color shoes the mortician was wearing when he was killed. Scores of useless questions with irrelevant answers flitter through my brain. Eric notices sometimes. He sees me staring through him and nodding and knows I have no idea what he’s talking about. 

“Where have you gone? Come back.” Whenever Eric asks me where I’ve gone, I tell him.

“I wonder whether the blood made his shoes red.”

“You’re morbid.”

“So?”

“Just sayin’.”

“I don’t think it’s particularly unhealthy to consider certain details about situations and events that will potentially alter your perception of life.”

“Getting wordy for a reason?”

“I’m just saying, for me, the details build the picture. I want to understand everything about that murder.”

“Blood on shoes is not a relevant topic. You can envision the situation with bare feet if you like, it doesn’t change the outcome.” He’s got me there. 

“Want to get some dinner?” Even as I say it, the question surprises me. I actually feel hungry. The last thing I ate was a cupcake yesterday morning, so I should be feeling hungry. Strange that it wasn’t the first thing on my mind when I woke up. “I’m craving eggs florentine.”

“I can make you anything you want.” We move into the shiny kitchen. I doubt anyone has ever cooked in this kitchen. Everything is in perfect order. Eric has a housekeeper. I’m sure of it. I think about my apartment and how everything is everywhere all the time. Scarves over lamp shades, mail on three or four different tables, empty bottles on several surfaces. My own personal squalor. I open the fridge and marvel at all the food and drink substances being arranged by size. I pull spinach from the vegetable crisper. Eric takes it from me and points to one of the stools on the other side of the island. “I said I would make you anything you want.”

“Fine, I want eggs florentine,” I say, assuming Eric has no idea what “eggs florentine” actually is. 

“Alright,” he says it with confidence. I’m about to get the best freaking eggs florentine ever created. 

“What are we supposed to do now?” I ask. 

“Watch the news, of course.” He flicks on the television. 

*...And after the deaths of six staff members Harron Medical...*

“Oh shit, the nurse must have died!” I don’t know why I’m surprised by this. Maybe it’s because I thought the quarantined nurse would have had enough time for the medical staff to figure out what was going on.

*...Looking for a patient of interest. The patient is being sought for questioning regarding this case...*

Eric is staring at me. My mouth is hanging open, I know that much. “At least they didn’t name me,” I say. “At least they didn’t post a picture of me somewhere.” If I was the only patient that was operated on that week, then I must have the disease. After all the sleep I’ve been doing, I’m feeling much, much better. Yesterday I was seriously considering returning to the hospital and accepting my fate. Today, though, I want to finish eating and take a bath. It’s Saturday, I want to go to a flea market or walk along the beach. I don’t want to be worried about any of this anymore. 

So I’m done. I’m not going to play any of these games anymore. I’m just going to move on. 

---
    
We spend the rest of the day talking. We talk about our favorite superheroes and our inability to understand why our respective families treated us like we were inept. We muse over our misguided attempts at humor in social situations and our avoidance of hors d'oeuvres that are served on toothpicks. We cover topic after topic. We tell each other lost opinions we didn’t realize we had anymore. We talk about things I hadn’t thought of in years, things I’d buried thinking no one ever needed to know. We discuss the isms, art, politics. Eric and I follow trains of thought down into the rabbit hole of perception and twist each other’s words to prove opposing points. We consider that what goes into a black hole might in the same moment be spat from a white hole elsewhere in the universe and the chance that the portal between those two opposing forces is indeed nothing more than time. This particular point in the conversation leads further to the rumored development of teleportation devices in Raleigh, North Carolina. 

 The conversation barely pauses for a second. For the rest of the day we forget entirely about my health, the Harron thing, the murder. When the sun sets and the twilight melts into darkness, Eric opens a bottle of wine. We continue talking about pseudo Neo-nazis and their idiot attempts at logic while we prepare filet mignon, croquettes, and salad with walnuts, apples, and cranberries coated in a vinaigrette glaze. As we eat, we giggle about the left wingers who spend a hundred bucks a month on pink hair dye and safety pins. We coin new words for the “energy” hippies are always talking about. 

We talk until ten. When we move into the bedroom, we continue our conversation. Eric doesn’t pause or miss a beat when he begins undressing me. He takes my clothes from me as if he’s done it a million times before. His voice gets a little softer as he peels the layers away until I’m standing in front of him completely nude. Then he looks me in the eyes and says, “I’m done talking now.”

We make love for hours finally passing out in a heap of exhaustion and release. When I awake, I find Eric looking at me, and we continue into day two of sex and food and pillow talk bubble of intimacy. We go deeper into our conversation. We spend the entire Sunday lost in each other. We cook, we talk, we drink, we talk. When Monday morning rolls around, we’re shocked to realize that the weekend is over, and Eric tells me that he’s in love with me. I don’t respond. What am I supposed to say? I can’t very well tell him that I love him too, as that would be contrary to my entire disposition. 

The thing is, a while back I fell desperately in love with a man who had no idea what love was. He said he loved me over and over again, but when it came right down to it, he was simply unaware of what that word meant. There’s no reason to get specific, but he broke my heart, several times, and then danced on top of it to give himself a good laugh. I’d been trying to compartmentalize everything visceral ever since. If I had a therapist, he would tell me that I need closure, and I would disagree. What I need is a news report saying that my ex got hit by a car. 

Eric doesn’t expect me to say it back. He says “I’m in love with you” matter-of-factly. Dumbfounded, I just stare at him. Besides it’s only ten in the morning, and the coffee hasn’t settled in yet. By the time I start to feel awkward about my own lack of response, he’s already taken the conversation somewhere else. I’m not really paying attention though, I’m reeling from his statement. At some point, he realizes I’m not listening.

“Where are you now?” he asks.

“Sorry, I just can’t fathom why on Earth you would be in love with me.”

“Well, you have a very low self-esteem. We’ll have to work on that.”

“I don’t have a low self-esteem. I know I’m awesome. I’m just strange and solitary, and I always think that outsiders must think I’m completely insane.”

“Well, yes. That’s exactly what I think,” his devious smile and sarcastic tone are mocking me. “I didn’t say it to give you a mental complex. It’s just true. I love you. I can’t stop thinking about you. I want to be around you all the time. I want to know everything that’s going on in your head.”

“I feel sorry for you.”

“Jesus. Let’s just move on, I don’t want to convince you that you’re worth loving. I shouldn’t have to.”

“Whatever.” I’m annoyed. Eric’s tone is kind of mean, and I don’t feel like I should have to defend my psychoses. Yes, I am unsure about a lot of things. Yes, I tend to distrust certain statements no matter how genuine the speaker seems to be. Yes, I have my idiosyncratic tendencies. These are pieces of me, and I don’t feel like I should have to defend myself to anyone.

“You know, maybe you could just give me a fucking break,” it comes out harsher than I meant it too, and I see on Eric’s face that he’s slightly hurt. “I’m sorry, I just...I’m just stressed.” 

“It’s ok. So, I’m going to go to Onyx, but first I’m going to make you breakfast.” He kisses my forehead. I set my coffee on the counter, and pull a stool up to the bar. Eric pulls out rolls and puts them in the oven. He places a pot of water on the stovetop and turns on the burner. I watch him as he opens the refrigerator and pulls out prosciutto, tomato, goat cheese, and eggs. He pricks each egg with a pin and places them in the water. Little bubbles of white are expunged from the hole, and the eggs bobble in the boiling water. I realize my staring is probably getting creepy and remember to use my words.

“So...Onyx, eh? Why? I thought you told Jacob you weren’t coming in.”

“I did, but I was going to go talk to Oscar. I want to see if he has any new information for us,” Eric says the word us with emphasis. “I called him while you were sleeping the other day and let him know that he can share everything he finds out with me as well.”

“Sure, fine. But I’d like to receive the information at the same time you do. Whatever crazy information comes in, I’d like to know first hand. No more of this telephone game.”

“’Telephone game’?”

“Yeah, that game kids play, or at least, I played when I was a kid....You tell someone sitting next to you a random sentence, and then they tell the next person, and eventually the sentence becomes diluted, and the original meaning is lost.”

“Ah ha.” Eric smiles at me, clearly amused by my idiotic description of a game that isn’t really a game. 

“I do so love four minute eggs.” I smile back at him and start slicing the tomatoes. We brunch as if it’s Sunday, sharing a newspaper and eating slowly. When the coffee runs out, I make another, and we exist there in the late morning sunshine. Around noon, we take a shower together, which ends up lasting longer than expected. I’m marveling at the stamina I have, actually.

We dress. We kiss. We begin our day in the early afternoon. It feels right.
