#Chapter 7

“Oscar got the video, I haven’t watched it yet.” Dan is driving so erratically it’s hard to hold the phone to my ear. 

“Don’t. Don’t watch it. I want first dibs.” I can hear Eric smiling, but I don’t trust him not to watch it before I arrive. “We’ll be there in about fifteen minutes, don’t watch it without me.”

“Alright, alright. Geez, I won’t. Anything else you’d like to dictate?”

“Actually, yeah. Can you get the first aid kit out of the kitchen? I’m going to need it.” I know the request will spur a follow up question, but Eric is going to find out about my arm in a few minutes anyway, so I might as well prepare him.

“What for? What happened? Are you ok?” His overbearing concern is starting to annoy me, but I’d be more annoyed if he didn’t ask. 

“Dan and I ran into a...uh...zombie kind of thing. I don’t know, my brain hasn’t processed it yet. Can zombies exist? Cause I’m pretty sure we just met one and he bit me.”

“No. Zombies don’t exist. Meth heads exist, they’re almost the same.”

“Right, well no worries then. It’s just a gigantic slop of flesh wound.” I’m sure Eric can hear my smile too, and for some reason the bite really doesn’t hurt. The wound looks like a cherry parfait filled with boiling cottage cheese. It’s not bleeding. The blood isn’t so much clotted as it is crystalized. The red is metallic looking, not matte. 

“Christ, I can’t leave you alone for a second.”

“Nope, I get into all sorts of trouble.”

“Oh fer Chrissakes, you two! I can smell your pheromones and it’s fucking gross!” Dan yells, then leans on the horn. I say goodbye and hang up the phone. We’ve got another twelve minutes to the office. 

I lose myself for the rest of the ride, and even Dan is weirdly silent. When we park the car at the office, Dan looks at me. 

“I think I should go to the hardware store and buy some stuff for the impending apocalypse. Better do it before the rest of the masses get wise to this shit.” He sounds serious, too serious. Resigned and serious.

“Oh Dan, don’t be so dramatic. You’re allowed to start freaking out if I go all glassy-eyed like that cowboy and start trying to eat people. Until then, that was just a freak occurrence.”

“Whatever man. That dude was grey. And I’m pretty sure that’s the guy that’s always hanging out at our pub.”

“Yeah. It was. I saw him when I bought Oscar a beer last week. He was wearing the same clothes...though, they weren’t so tattered.”

“What? You saw that guy last week? Was he...was he looking like that?”

“He looked like old-drunk-cowboy-guy.” In my mind, I count backwards. I’d been in the bar last Thursday. It was now Wednesday afternoon. Six days. I’d had surgery six days before the surgical team died. I scan my brain looking for more connections between my interactions at Harron and at the bar and can’t think of anything.

“Are you, like, going to get out?” Dan has been staring at me. 

“You’re not really going to the hardware store. Are you?” 

“Oh I guess not. But I’m not coming in, I’m going home. I’m going to start drinking. You can come by later if you want, but I will be drunk and wearing only my tightie whities.”

“Right. Well, if that image leaves my mind, I might come by.” I get out of the car and hear Dan pull out as I’m walking to the building. I go inside, answer my security questions, grab a skateboard, transverse the hallway, get through the “Fear” and head up to the eleventh floor. In the elevator I poke at the bite. I squish it and watch the cottage cheese bubble up. When I release pressure, the white goo sinks down like the wound is a swimming pool, and the hot summer sun has evaporated enough water to be noticeable, but not enough for the pool to need refilling. It still doesn’t hurt.

I don’t see Eric when the doors open, but June is sitting in Jacob’s office next to the first aid kit. 

“I’ve noticed Eric has been overly concerned about you,” she says as I enter the room. 

“What’s that supposed to mean?”

June rolls her eyes, uncrosses and recrosses her legs and threads her fingers together. Her hair is perfectly straight with two small ribbon barrettes perfectly aligned on each side of her head. They look as if they are glued on. Her cleavage, as always, is spilling out of her kelley-green top and her pants are so tight, I think that if I rubbed paint thinner on her, they would just disappear. She’s wearing cork heeled platforms and a gold anklet. Every piece of her is in place, as per usual. 

“You know, I always looked up to you, but you’ve never given me the time of day,” I inadvertently snort and immediately feel bad about it. She smirks as she adds “because you’re a bitch.” Her breasts bobble when she speaks.

“I’m sorry, June. I didn’t mean to be rude. You just took me by surprise, I’ve always felt like you hated me,” I try to use a kind tone. 

“I do. And I always have, but that doesn’t mean I don’t respect you. At least, I did. Until I found out that you’re boinking the boss.”

“Oh shut up June,” kindness evaporated. It is the use of the word “boinking” that pisses me off. We had not been “boinking”. Or “fucking”. Or “screwing”. I think back for a moment and realize that we had done those things. I flash back to a steamy handprint on one of the penthouse windows. Then I admit to myself “fucking” and “screwing" had, indeed, occurred, but “boinking” most certainly not.

June’s eyes widen and the smirk on her face disappears. Calmly, she pushes the first aid kit towards me, “Christ Maggie, that looks bad.” I feel myself soften towards her. Maybe June’s bitchy personality is just a front. She actually does respect me. She doesn’t hate me in the slightest. 

“Yeah. I need to stitch this up. Maybe we can resume our animosity towards each other some other time?”

“Look, as far as I’m concerned, you’re vetted. So you must be smart, unique, et cetera. Just stay out of my way.” We’re family at Onyx, June is my jealous cousin. 

“Are you talking about my relationship with Eric? Because it wasn’t planned,” June needs to understand. She has to know that I’m not sleeping my way anywhere. 

“No. I don’t fucking care about you and Eric,” she sighs. “Do me a favor and stop badmouthing InterVision in front of Jacob. I need Scott Spencer to trust us, I have a plan. It won’t work without him.”

I’m taken aback by her request. I hadn’t said anything about InterVision. Over the past few days I’d forgotten about everything other than the Harron situation. Why was June so insistent on this InterVision relationship? I ask her. 

“Fine, I’ll tell you. InterVision is on to something, and they’re starting to up their game with government agencies. I met with Scott Spencer, he is trying to recruit me.”

“Uh...maybe you shouldn’t tell me this. You can’t leave Onyx and go somewhere else, you signed that crazy No Compete just like the rest of us did.” Onyx has all its employees sign an air tight No Compete Agreement that states that should one choose to leave Onyx, they will be paid fifty percent of their salary for five years after which they can find new employment. Should one manage to get fired, the clause remains, but with only thirty-five percent payment. No one has ever been fired, and I’ve never seen anyone leave. Three people have died, but the rest of us are still here. The last person we hired started three years ago.

“Don’t be stupid! I’m not leaving Onyx, I want to play Scott and make plans to subvert the government contracts,” she looks pleased with herself. 

“Oh! Well, Jacob would be on board with that! Why don’t you just tell him?”

“I don’t want to be vocal about the plans. I’m trying to manage expectations,” June stands up, punctuating the word “expectations” and says “So? Can you keep your mouth shut?”

“Will do,” and I flip open the first aid kit.

June walks out as I’m threading the needle. I use gauze to sop up the pus. It takes a lot of gauze. The white cottage cheese is just a layer on top of a green and yellow pus. The layers stick together. I consider whether or not I need to wire brush out the infection. I don’t feel like going to look for a wire brush, so I scrub with the gauze until droplets of blood surface. The blood looks normal. 

I get up to pull the trash can over, slide the gauze in and use alcohol to wipe the slime from the top of the coffee table where it had been piled. I pour iodine the wound. I balance the needle between my thumb and the top of the wound, and use the knuckle of my right forefinger to squish the tear closed. As I start to shove the needle through, Eric stomps into the room.

“You’re starting to piss me off,” his anger is visible. “You come in with a wound like that and fucking chit chat with June instead of calling me and you’re trying to sew it yourself? I have to hear about it from June? You need to learn how to ask for help.” He takes the needle from me and looks into the trashcan. His tone softens. 

“That looks nasty.” 

My arm looks about ninety percent better since I’ve cleaned it, and I’m glad Eric wasn’t there for that part. The blood seemed to clot and dry up unusually quickly. It’s not bleeding at all.

He observes the wound, mumbles something about a doctor, but doesn’t press the issue as he knows I won’t be going to a clinic. He pushes the tear together and starts sewing. Twenty-two perfect stitches later, he leans back. 

“Do you want to tell me exactly what happened?”

I tell him about the cowboy. I leave out the fact that we stashed the body in a shed.

“Do I need to send a cleanup team?” I consider for a moment.

“I think I might have left one of his fingers on the ground,” it slips out as I remember closing the trunk. I stare at Eric. “Uh, I kind of stashed the guy’s body in a shed.”

Eric looks unamused. He shakes his head, “Kind of? You mean to tell me that you and Dan accidentally kill a guy and then drag his body somewhere?”

“It was a zombie.”

“There’s no such thing as zombies.”

“If I take you to the shed, I can prove it.”

“No, you can’t. You’ll show me a dead body, which proves nothing. What about the finger?”

“Oh leave it, a dog probably ate it.” 

Eric pulls out his phone, uses speed dial and says “Chimney. Dual addresses incoming,” then hangs up again. He looks at me, “I need the address where you might have left the finger and wherever the shed is.”

“Really? ‘Chimney’? Like ‘chimney sweep’?” I’m almost laughing at the obviousness of the command. “Is that supposed to be clever?”

“Just give me the addresses,” Eric’s tone is not kind. I explain as best as I can where in the apartment complex courtyard we’d been and how to get to the quarry.

“Maybe I should just go with them?”

“No,” His tone is still not kind. I stand up, look down at him and tell him that if he needs anything else he can text me. Then I turn to walk out of the room. I’m all the way to the door and so is he. Eric slams the door shut in front of me.

“Do you think I’m just going to let you walk away from me?” his tone is still harsh, I’m not sure what’s happening. He shoves me up against the door and kisses me hard, grabs my right breast, squeezes it too hard. I push him away, but he grabs my wrists and jams me back up against the door. “You don’t get to walk away from me,” his tone is different. Still harsh, but off-kilter. I can feel his dick on my thigh, but I can’t figure out if I’m turned on. I can’t figure out if Eric is about to punish me or about to “punish” me. I decide for defense, push him away and scramble out from under him. 

Facing him now, I tense up and ask “What the fuck is this? What the fuck do you think you’re doing?”

He places his hand on the back of my neck and roughly pulls me towards him. He pauses for a moment, looks into my eyes and holds the gaze as he kisses me. I see what’s going on. I relax into it. We have rough, quick sex with me bent over one of the armchairs. When we’re finished, Eric spins me around.

“When you’re bad, I’m going to treat you badly. Like that.”

“Noted.” 

“Now, do you want to watch the video of Paul’s miraculous comeback or what?”

---

I have Fuego brand taco shells in my lazy susan at home. I ate one a couple of months ago, maybe a year ago, and then I stored the rest of them in a plastic baggy. I’m always wanting to cook faux Mexican food, but I hardly ever do. Thus the taco shells remain there, almost certainly stale, but there just in case. Every time I’m rummaging around the bottom of the lazy susan trying to figure out what to make to sustain myself, I see the Fuego taco shells, decide against them and wonder if the end of the world is coming. Surely at armageddon time, stale taco shells are going to have some sort of worth. 

I’m contemplating other strange things about myself. 

I’m hyperaware of doors. The first thing I notice about a space is all the possible ways out of that space. It’s not because I’m afraid I’ll be trapped. It’s because of who might walk in. At least if I’m always watching the door, I can duck out of sight or hide behind a menu if someone undesirable walks in.

I’m a person who turns the faucet handle all the way to the left and then all the way to the right before easing it towards appropriate water temperature. I avoid faucets with two knobs and carry hand sanitizer with me just in case. Two knobs are primitive.

Containers contain things and broadcast order in my personal spaces. Clutter drives me mad, but it accumulates all around me because I mostly can’t be bothered. I read once that cleaning is the most Zen activity there is, and every once in a while I get into that mental space and organize things in all the containers. Most of the time, I’m not in that space though. Most of the time I’m mulling over some social or work obligation, and I put blinders on to all the crap.

Eric is also staring straight ahead. I know his head hasn’t moved since the video stopped. Neither has mine. I think it’s been a good ten minutes and neither of us has said a word. I wonder what he’s thinking.

“Holy. Uh. Ok, so we can’t un-see that,” I’m hoping that the slightly flippant air I’m using is the right selection. Eric’s body relaxes a little. 

“No. No we cannot,” Eric tries to shake the images out of his head. 

“Which part grossed you out more? The lateral fingernail slice followed by skin peeling or the part where Dr. Paul’s nose fell off?”

“Are you serious right now?”

“I thought the skin thing was more gross because it happened in slow motion. The nose just flew off, there was no build up to the gross.”

“Maggie, that was a real person. A doctor. A respectable member of society,” there’s a tone of cosmic humor in Eric’s voice. “He has a family.”

The video showed Dr. Gander performing a standard autopsy on Rodney Paul. He noted that the body had been in the freezer for three days and confirmed dead by several doctors. Paul enunciated a low, deep guttural sign when Gander started in on the craniotomy. All of his other organs had already been removed. Heart, lungs, liver...all the vital organs were already out. The video was, indeed, gruesome as Paul lurched off the table and Dr. Gander peed his pants. It was gruesome to watch the struggle ensue. It was gruesome to watch brain and blood spatter up to the surveillance camera lens when Dr. Gander ended Paul’s rampage with his circular saw.

“Well, as President Aldeson said Dr. Paul’s family should never see that.” I shut off the TV and feel little remorse for laughing at the dead. For me, Dr. Paul died the first time. I figure enough time has passed that strangers can start to make off hand comments in closed quarters. Besides, I didn’t know him. Death is a part of life. I am convincing myself that I’m still a good person, even though my brain does operate the way it does. Let’s just call it a defense mechanism. My imaginary therapist would be proud.

“Wait, I just remembered, this isn’t the video I expected.”

“What do you mean?”

“I thought we were going to see a video of Dr. Paul getting murdered and the orderly accidentally killing his murderer. This is a...this is another occurrence of what you told me the orderly described.” I cursed myself for sleeping through Bethany’s call and the trip to speak with the orderly.

“The video matches his description of what happened, but you’re right. This is autopsy number two.”

“Does it matter? Should I ask Oscar to look further back into the surveillance footage?”

“There hasn’t been anything in the press since...” Eric scrolls on his phone, “Saturday. How can there be no mention since Saturday?”

I consider the question. The past several days I’ve had the radio and television on in just about every setting I’ve been in. My ears don’t perk up unless I hear the name Harron. I know the dress size of about six Hollywood actresses, and I heard something about a guy finding a garbage bag containing two human legs - from different people. I remember some news stories that were reminding me to be afraid of life in general, and I know the Middle East is in its own particular brand of quagmire. I tuned out American politics completely. Nothing unusual. Well, except for the leg thing, but those legs had been rotting for over two weeks, so I don’t imagine the story plays any particular relevance to my current situation. 

“Did you check all the channels? Maybe we missed something?”

Eric rolls his eyes, “Do you think I’m scrolling through the public news feed here? I’m on Mnemonic.”

I blush. Of course he’s on Mnemonic. What’s the point of having access to a super computer that knows everything about everything if you don’t use it?

“Hmm. Maybe we could ask Oscar about a predictive algorithm for Mnemonic – surely it can look at disparate stories and find connections that we can’t see?”

His grin curls into devious, “Well, Mnemonic is, ahem, *super*.” Pleased with his little joke, Eric sits back. “Send him an email.”

---

When people put clothes into the Humane Society clothing bins it is not a humane act. Every fucking stitch of clothing on this rack looks as if it ventured here on a raft from the South Pacific and hadn’t been washed since. Moth holes and bare patches are only the beginning of the afflictions each of these rags is adorned with. I pull a blouse off the shelf and finger the gaping hole in the underarm of the left sleeve. It’s an air duct, I could easily tear one into the right side. The price tag says “25 pesos”. Wondering the route of this particular blouse to my decidedly more Virginian city, I’m uneasy about the skin discoloration I’m sure to suffer if I actually put this on. I’ve been in here for an hour and still haven’t found a single item I would considering paying a single peso for.

I curse my thrifty upbringing and decide to go buy new clothes instead. A few doors down there’s a ritzy ladies boutique that makes me uncomfortable. There’s a hanging flower pot next to the handmade sign and the window panes are handmade glass. From the outside, the store looks like it belongs in a gentrified Brooklyn neighborhood.

I go inside anyway and start looking around for something that would be suitable for our “break from this bullshit” dinner Eric and I scheduled for this evening. I’d left him at Onyx to do some “real” work. After watching the autopsy video, Eric, Jacob and I had chatted briefly, and we agreed that for the next month, my workload would be split between Dan and June. I can’t concentrate anyway, and June jumped at the chance to take over a month’s worth of my conferencing. The little starfucker actually said, “Maybe you should extend your vacation to an entire quarter.” She wants to take over the Lima conference I’d scheduled over a year ago. 

The layout of the boutique looks like the inside of a Hampton guest house, sparsely decorated with white painted wood and an abundance of St. Bart’s or St. Thomas or St. Whatever’s nautical symbols embroidered on pillows and women’s golf shirts. The mannequins are the kind with hangers for heads. There are six of them, two to my left, two to my right, and two behind the cash registers at the back of the store. The second to my left is wearing a whimsical print on a sheer fitted blouse. The neckline dips to reveal the mannequins beige push up bra, which does her no justice as her stuffed breasts are tightly bound in canvas to be pushed anywhere.

It takes me a good ten minutes to find the blouse folded in the back right hand corner of the store, but I’m thankful that the sales associate hasn’t tried to talk to me. I’m happy that, unlike in Europe, headphones in the United States are respected in retail establishments. Instead of asking for assistance in retail stores, I make decisions not to buy anything for lack of order and ease of throughway. There are three exemplars of the blouse, and one of them is my size. It’s marked with a European size followed by the phrase “Made in the U.S.A.”

Nearby I pull a navy blue pencil skirt off the rack and then head to the dressing room. I haven’t looked at the price tags yet. If I do, I’ll surely convince myself not to bother trying them on and head back to the dank Humane Clothing Store. In the dressing room, I check my arm for seepage, determine none, and try the clothes on. 

Lights on the mirror make me look five years younger than I am. The clothes fit perfectly. I want to fuck myself. I’ll go get a haircut before dinner. No, no I won’t. I’ll pull my hair up.

I pay the exorbitant price for the skirt and blouse, and go into the discount shoe store next door. At home, I have the perfect pair of cork heel sandals for this outfit, but with the police outside, I can’t risk picking them up. For a second I wonder if I should ask Dan to do it for me.

I grab a pair of twenty dollar heels and make a final stop at the drug store where I buy foundation, powder, eye shadow, liner and mascara and a tube of rose lipstick that sets me back five bucks and is barely visible. I buy travel tubes of shampoo, conditioner, toothpaste, lotion and hairbands, grab a case to hold everything in so I’m not slumming around with a plastic bag, and pick up two bars of chocolate because Eric has nothing sweet (except for bananas, which don’t count) in his kitchen. 

It’s obvious that the maid has cleaned Eric’s apartment since this morning. For the first time, I’m both conscious *and* alone there. Eric’s style is more armoire than dresser, chaise lounge than sofa. Eric surely had an interior designer who ejaculated his style all over the penthouse. I imagine the article in some architectural journal about the perfect balance between shabby chic and chic chic. An intense desire to empty drawers overcomes me, but I repress it.

I move to the only room in the flat where warm and comfortable have leading roles – the bathroom. I start running water into the three-sided tub. I hang my new clothes on the hook on the back of the door and line my makeup behind the second sink, the one I know Eric doesn’t use. My plan is to relax in the bathtub for about thirty minutes and then take my time putting myself together. Eric is meeting me at Carlos Restaurant, our reservation is at 8pm.

I can’t remember the last time I took a bath. I slide into the water until it covers my head and then scream as loud as I can. The echo bounces around the tub in a pleasurable melody of falsified pain. I only do it once, remembering the time my friend Niela rushed in to save me back when we were in college. She thought someone was attacking me. Then she thought I was a weirdo for screaming in the bathtub. A week later I returned from my shift at the café down the street, and she was vibrating her own vocal cords in the echo chamber of clean. 

Neila and I have been friends since we were thirteen. We met through our mutual interest of avoiding gym class. I haven’t talked to Niela in several months. The last time we talked for a couple hours and then she went to a Hungarian Transplant Dinner Party. She’s not even Hungarian. She told me that lately she’s been trying to get out more and do stuff that has nothing to do with the financial industry. Apparently, there comes a time in the late twenties when women start to question their composure in life. Neila is trying to change her bad habits. She was drunk when we hung up.

Dipping my chin in with open mouth, I gurgle out waterfalls and consider the last couple of weeks. 

Am I arrogant in thinking that the Harron cover up revolves around me? What should my next move be? Are the cops going to switch me from “person of interest” to “warranted for arrest” or is this going to fade away?

For twenty minutes my mind jumps between nostalgia for random evening escapades with Niela, my cheesy budding romance with Eric and the tendons and screams I witnessed in the autopsy video. Only once do I think about whether or not Oscar has answered my email about Mnemonic, and only once do I think about Dan at home in his underwear.

I towel off. Sitting on the bed, I call Dan.

“So? Are you really sitting around in your underwear?”

“You’d better believe it,” Dan slurs into the phone. I can tell he’s been drinking all afternoon. “Before I stopped being able to motor around on mys couple of legs here, I gathered all the supplies I have.”

“What supplies? What have you gathered?”

“You know. Crowbar, macheté, jug-o-water, soup, clean underroos, tent. It’s got a hole, but in the bottom part. Duct tape fixed ‘er right up. Let’s see, what else did I stack in the hallway...” Dan pauses for a moment trying to remember.

“That’s super Dan. Really great work,” my statement is so laced with sarcasm even drunk Dan isn’t going to miss it. 

“I found a flashlight, but we’re going to have to buy batteries, and I found a car battery but it doesn’t fit in the Jeep. Let’s take the Jeep. I like the little doors.” Dan ignores my sarcasm and rambles on for another couple minutes about the trip I’ve not agreed to. “Oh yeah, and I’m meeting with Jacob tomorrow to sign up on your leave of absence crew.”

“Ok, well if you remember, call me tomorrow when you leave the office.”

“So you’re not coming by?” He feigns disappointment.

“No. You sound like you won’t be awake much longer.”

“Tou-fucking-ché.” He hangs up.

---

“You look ravishing,” Eric kisses my cheek and laces his fingers into mine as I approach the hostess stand. 

She looks bored, drumming her fingers she doesn’t wait for us to face her before she uses her nasally voice, an octave too high and a decimal too loud, to spit out “Right this way Mr. and Mrs. Murphy.”

“We’re not married,” I say.

“Well, excuse me then.” She’s snotty and plastic. Normally, I’d put on some snottiness of my own, but tonight I just ignore her and shut my mouth. She seats us at a table in the middle room of the six room restaurant. Carlos’ serves Brazilian food, absolutely gourmet and a million percent delicious.

The restaurant sits on top of a mountain across form the shopping district. It’s not downtown, the setting is more exclusive than any downtown building can offer. The expansive view over the valley is punctuated with the lights of other, less delicious, but more expensive and trendy restaurants. Carlos’ attracts the dignified and exclusive intellects in the city, leaving the fashionable yet transient eating establishments to be born and die among the city streets. 

Onyx chose Everitt because it’s dying population welcomed any large construction project. The city had shrunk from over a million to just a half a million in the last decade. People left Everitt in droves after a multinational bank closed its customer service center and moved to North Carolina. Ten thousand people lost their jobs, and due to a snafu in the city budget low-income housing became an unaffordable alternative to homelessness. After several years worth of mismanagement and a number of other high profile companies leaving the valley, Everitt became a destination on exactly no one’s hot spot list. 

The parking lot always has at least three limousine parked in it, and calla lilies line the walkway. Flickering lanterns surround a small terrace overlooking the valley. The single bench is always warmed by lovers, both young and old, with impeccable timing to have secured a seat when another pair vacated. 

A great heavy door leads inside where the dark panels and green table clothes are punctuated by bright white napkins and dishes. The restaurant is divided into several rooms, a small Victorian manor, connecting parlors with a single hallway. I don’t know where the kitchen is; the sounds of clattering dishes and screaming chefs are non existent in the guest section of the restaurant. 

The hostess leads us to a small table in the middle of the room on our left, just inside the entryway. I hesitate to sit down, finally choosing the chair facing the front hallway, fully cognizant of the small hallway behind me. Eric notices my hesitation and waits wordlessly for me to make a choice. His face is softened this evening, with no trace of his usual smirk. He is, as always, pristinely put together. For once, we match each other with a look of affluence.

“I have one update for you, and then we’ll talk no more about any thing regarding Harron or the people surrounding it. There will be no talk of Onyx or colleagues, no talk of disease or death. We are going to converse as if it’s 1841, and we’ve just a week ago been married through the arrangement of our conspiring family patriarchs. 

“The update, first. Our cleaners have found and removed both the object at the apartment complex and those in the shed. Objects are being incinerated this evening.” Eric looks up and nods at the boy filling our water glasses.

“No! Incinerated? That’s not right,” I drop my voice to a low whisper and lean into Eric as the boy finishes pouring and turns to another table. “Why this decision? Did you consider research?”

“Of course, I considered it. I acted on it. The lab has taken tissue and fluids. No more matter is necessary,” Eric’s tone dismisses any further argument. I briefly reflect on the type of insight other “matter” like clothing or hair might reveal.

“Last thing, I promise, but perhaps you should ask the lab to take a sample of cloth and hair as well,” Eric’s eyes widen in understanding, then darken as he realizes his mistake. He nods, gets up from the table and wanders towards the door pulling his phone from his pocket.

As I wait for his return, I look around at the patronage of Carlos’. I make judgements on the couples and parties that sit chattering, eating and drinking. There is a man and a woman in the back corner, mid fifties, completely in love, oblivious to everything around them. They talk quietly and laugh often, staring into each other’s eyes as if this anniversary is only the first. Their opposites exist too, towards the middle of the room, a pair picking at their food and drinking too quickly, drowning out the sorrows of a lifetime well wasted. A party of three young couples seem prone to wild gestures in their conversations, and another party of young couples lean into one another to escape the noisiness of the table just behind them. Faces glow in the candlelit dining room, and as I sit here alone I imagine myself to be quite separate from all of them. In a flash, I have the premonition that I’ve only experienced the beginning of what is to come, and I watch the room with a dark intensity.

“From across the room, someone would think you are plotting revenge,” Eric says as he resumes his seat.

“No. I am dreading it.”

The waiter approaches and asks us if we’d like to hear the specials. He waits for approval, and then recites three appetizers, three mains and three desserts along with a wine recommendation for each. I question aloud how anyone can remember the detailed presentation he’s given without notes.

“We have a great deal of practice before we’re allowed to serve in the dining room, Miss. Now would you like a moment or was there anything you’d like to order right away?” I’m pleased that he called me “Miss” and Eric is pleased to order a bottle of Grauburgunder.

Moments later, our glasses filled and the bottle chilling, Eric reminds me of our conversational strategy, “Well, Mrs. Murphy, I am ever so grateful that you’ve accepted my hand. Upon our evenings return to the Château, I shall quite like to have your take on the interior decoration. I’ve not had a female hand about the house, save the good housekeeper, but it is neither her status nor position to give such homely advice, though she is homely. I’m firm in the disposition that my own taste is well not cause for exhibition, and your countenance on our arrival shall bring an illustrious new perspective to the Château Murphy.”

“Quite so good sir. If I have any understanding of the utterances you have forth proclaimed,” I pause, unsure if his play is laced in seriousness. “Ahem. If I have any understanding of your utterances it is that you wish for me to make the Château my own home.” 

“Indeed,” Eric drops the playfully haughty tone. “So?”

“Eric, I’ve already moved in, didn’t you notice? I haven’t been back to my apartment in over a week. I’ve already resigned myself to the understanding that everything I had is gone, which doesn’t make so much of a difference since I had a little bit of nothing important. In fact the only thing I really miss is the security that came attached with that box of drugs I had. But even that I’m willing to write off, I can buy drugs on the street.”

“I guess I’m asking if you intended to stay there, to stay with me,” I realize I’ve been torturing him for days. He’s been brave in not relying on me to reciprocate his profession of “love,” whatever that means, but his cultural and social upbringing has taught him to expect, at some point, a reciprocation. Once again I’m forced to consider how I feel about him, and I’m agitated that this moment has come again in such a short amount of time. 

“I want you with me, but I don’t know for how long, and I don’t think I can stay in Everitt. I won’t stay in Everitt,” the words tumble out, and I avoid his eye for fear of seeing him pained. “It’s not that I don’t care about you. I’m just entirely too self-absorbed to consider how you make me feel.”

“‘How you feel’ is the epitome of self-absorption.”

“I just mean that I’m not sure I can love you more than I think about myself. I’m not sure I can fear for you more than I fear for myself. I’m not sure I can curtail my actions and include you in my considerations, so I am unwilling to call what I feel for you ‘love’.”

“What, exactly, do you call it? What am I to you?” I can see the beginnings of exasperation, but I don’t know how to be dishonest with him.

“I don’t call it anything. Maybe ‘lust,’ but that word seems so cheap. I don’t just want to fuck you, I want to be near you. I want you to want me. I want you to follow me around like a little puppy and then get the fuck out of my way when I’ve had enough. I want you to be kind and harsh. I want you to be as confused as I am, but I don’t want you to ask about it. I don’t want to think about how you make me feel or anything else that has tangential connections to ‘love’! I want to know what the fuck is going on with this stupid, goddamn virus Harron is covering up, I want to know how the cowboy got infected, I want to know if it’s spreading, and I want everything else in life to just WAIT!” 

The room around me is quiet. My voice had been escalating. Eric’s eyes are wide, I’d nearly screamed the last sentence. I begin to hear murmurs around me.

*“Did she say virus?”*

*“What was that about a coverup at Harron?”*

*“She said the word ‘infection,’ I know she did.”* 

The murmuring increases as Everitt’s intellectual elite sitting in our immediate vicinity try to understand weeks worth of context in a single moment, asking the tables in their vicinity if they’d been following the news. Some tables, like the lovers in the corner, completely ignore the change in the symphony of dinner time chatter, but most look around as their conversations switch to the happenings at Harron. 

*“They said there were six dead at Harron and that they were looking for a person of interest. That’s the last I remember.”*

Eric signals the waiter. “We’re ready to order, I think. I’ll have the sea bream, and she’s going to have the Argentinian steak, medium-rare. We’ll also order a bottle of the Pinor Noir – that should work for both, right?”
