
#Chapter 16


We loaded the car during the afternoon, so all we have to do is climb in. Niela is driving. Dan and I are studying the different maps. We need to memorize all of them and although we've been studying them for a day and a half, we are both last minute cramming. It's going to take us about an hour and a half to get to the Intervision Campus and all three of us are obviously not in a talking mood. We're completely silent for the entire first hour. 

With a half an hour to go, Niela perks up and starts talking about her assignments. She asks what to do if a molotov doesn't set fire. If she's seen in the water. If somebody is waiting for her at the car. 

"Niela, I don't know how to tell you this," I say quite seriously, "but this is kind of a life or death sort of thing we're doing."

"Yeah, I know," she admits and then falls silent again.

"Don't worry dude, we'll cover you until the windows are shot out. If everything looks like it's falling apart, run. Start the car and just get the fuck out of there."

"I'm not going to leave you guys."

"Yeah, we'd appreciate that, but if you have no other choice, run."

"I'm not..."

"Niela," Dan says, "If we stop checking in, if we aren't out of the building, if we are lost for some reason, you have to get the fuck out of there."

"Well, I..."

"No," Dan continues, "You don't understand. You have to get the fuck out of there so that you and Oscar and Jacob and whomever else knows what's going on can fucking save or avenge us."

"Avenge?"

"Yeah, if I die and no one avenges me, I will come back from the Permanent Roller Disco in the Sky to make your lives a living hell."

"A roller disco?" I ask, "that's your idea of heaven?"

"Yeah man, cute girls in short shorts rolling around and dancing on skates to the classic hits of the eighties and nineties, what's not to love about that eternity?"

Niela starts laughing, then starts crying. "Goddamnit Maggie, I knew you'd be the one who gets me killed."

"Hey girl," I say gently, "you know dying like this is more interesting than dying from chronic stress induced cancer."

Minutes later we pull off the road and onto the dirt access road. We're quiet now. Everyone knows what to do. We get out of the car and open the trunk. Dan puts the backpack with Molotovs and tanks on. He unloads the Stormshooter and stand and sets them down. I will help Niela with the kayaks while Dan makes his way with the Stormshooter and tanks to the spot we've chosen to set up the cannon. He'll cut a hole in the fence and set the cannon up. He'll mix the Molotovs and load them with the diamond encrusted morning stars. All Niela will need to do is light them up and fire. 

The fence sits about a meter and a half away from the waters edge, all along the back part of the Intervision property. Since we didn't have the opportunity to do a silent run through of the plan, we're hoping that the way around the fence is manageable. It might be full of brambles or worse. We're all wearing steel-toed, shit kicker boats that are high enough to kick through just about any vegetation, but the path way is still unknown. While Dan sets up the cannon and mixes Molotovs, I'll have the night vision goggles and will keep a watch over Niela as she heads out into the middle of the lake. We brought one of Nathan's high powered rifles with a sniper scope, just in case. The hope is that we don't have to go around killing guards, but if they start shooting rounds at Niela in the fountain, I want to be ready. 

"Niela, how far can you carry this?" Niela picks up the Stormshooter, stands and looks around. 

"Actually," she whispers, "on the way back, I think it's going to be easier to pull this stuff in the kayak."

"Oh yeah, duh. Well, if for some reason that doesn't work out, just leave all the shit."

"Will do," Niela says dumping VecoTerrain paraphernalia into her backpack. She starts wiggling herself into her shorty wetsuit as I pull both kayaks off the top of the car. Once the kayaks are on the ground, I check my backpack. I have most of Oscar's kit components and three handguns in it. Dan's pack has the plastic explosives and magnets. The hammer we'll use to smash the voice activation lock is dangling from a loop on his cargo pants.

"Are you sure you're not going to lose that hammer?" I ask.

"Yeah dude, look!" Dan demonstratively jumps up and down and rolls around on the ground. The hammer stays looped in. "Besides, I'll probably have it in my hand anyway."

"No, you'll have a gun in your hand."

"I have two hands, Maggie."

"Touché."

"Here," Dan hands me the bolt cutters. "You ready?"

"Yeah," I look at Niela, "you ready?"

"I might pee my pants," Niela says.

"Well that's ok," I smile at her, "you're wearing a wetsuit."

"Alright, remember, if shit hits the fan, you just run," Dan tells Niela. "Don't forget about avenging us, but get in the car and get the fuck out of here, we need you."

"Check."

"Let's go."

I run up the slope ahead of the others. I'm carrying the least amount of weight, though I did take one of the CO2 tanks off Dan's pack so that he didn't have to carry the full weight on the way up. I also have the cannon stand, the bolt cutters and a rifle slung across my back. That's nothing compared to Dan with the t-shirt cannon or Niela dragging two kayaks, but the way up is easier than I thought it'd be. The sloop is steep. We'd imagined it would be slippery and full of vegetation, but the ground is rocky and solid. My boots hook easily into the side of the hill, and I'm able to pull myself up. Behind me I hear Dan breathing heavily and the gentle scrape of the kayaks as Niela tries to be as quiet as possible. When I reach the top of the slope, I'm glad she's moving slowly. We're not far from the sixth building. Much closer than I'd expected. 

I put the stand and the rifle on the ground and look around. Across the small lake I see guards moving slowly in front of their buildings. I see four of them, all of them walking in the same direction, following each other about two hundred meters apart. As I watch, the guards turn in sync and start walking in the other direction away from my position.

Bolt cutters in hand, I head to the nearest fence. Making sure to choose a place that's both accessible and shaded, I cut a meter from bottom towards the top. The bolt cutters are extra sharp and, again, it's easier than I expected. I smile a little as I pull the fence apart to make a hole for Dan and I to fit through. By the time I get back to Niela and Dan, Dan is tapping his foot.

"You know, other people need to use the bolt cutters sometimes too," he whispers.

"Shut it. Watch the guards." Dan takes the night vision binoculars from me and turns towards the compound. He starts studying their movement as I begin cutting another hole in the fence. This one will serve as Niela's entry point into the lake. This time I cut upwards twice and then cut the bottom part of the fence to separate it from the ground. I start rolling the fence a bit, so that it's easy to get the kayaks through. Niela helps me smash the fence up.

"Alright," Dan says, "here." We each take a radio."These things are pieces of shit. They only have five channels. Those guards are probably covering thirteen channels so don't use this unless you're trying to save my life."

"Or mine," says Niela.

"Only for life saving, check." 

"Ok, Maggie, I'll be back in a few." Dan hands me back the binoculars and gives Niela a quick hug. He looks her in the eye as he's speaking. "Niela, good luck kid. You'll be fine."  They hold each others gaze for a moment, silently saying 'maybe this is goodbye', and then shake themselves out of the moment. Dan grabs the bolt cutters, cannon, stand and the tank I've carried up. The rest he has on his back. He heads along the fence to our left. He'll cut an escape hatch for Niela in case she needs to run, and set up the cannon. When he's back, we'll keep watch over Niela until the fountain is soapy and the red kayak is caught in the filtration. Then we'll head into the campus.

I turn to Niela. "Alright, let's get you in the water. You ok?"

"I'm nervous. What if I ruin this whole thing?"

"You won't girl. Just pretend it's a video game. I'll be covering you until you aren't in the water anymore. From that side of the lake, they won't be able to see you. Just shoot the cannon and if you feel like you need to leave it, just leave it. Remember, you're just distracting them and then leaving, ok?"

I pull the red kayak behind me through the fence and push it to the edge of the water. Niela pulls the black kayak beside it. 

"I love you, Maggie," Niela says as she hugs me.

"I love you too. Don't worry, we're going to get through this."

Niela climbs into the black kayak. I hand her to rope to the red one and a gun. 

"I don't..."

"Just in case."

---
I watch the guards as Niela glides out onto the lake. I'm lying on the ground with the rifle propped up in front of me, but I'm watching through the night vision binoculars. So far they haven't seen anything. I can barely see Niela. The red kayak is trailing behind her as she paddles towards the fountain, but even it is difficult to see in the dim light coming from the buildings on the other side of the lake. It's going to be the soap that gets attention, or maybe the soap and kayak thing was a stupid idea. The way the light is falling on the lake, I'm starting the think we could have just set up the t-shirt cannon, caught things on fire and skipped the kayak espionage altogether.

Time is moving slowly. I have the feeling it's been ages, but Dan still isn't back from preparing Niela's exit. It isn't going to take him more than twenty minutes. I've been alone for four minutes. I turn towards buildings five and six and observe them for a moment. We're going to have to cross the front of those buildings to get to building number four where the electrical box is. The glassy fronts reflect the surroundings. Do the guards inside look out the windows? 

The guards in front of the other buildings are nearly at the furthest away point they walk to. I focus back on Niela. She's almost in position. I look back at the guards. They haven't seen her. With one hand, I watch as Niela deftly pulls the red kayak towards her and gets the soap out of it. She dumps the entire thing into the crashing water, then throws the container back into the kayak. We had put VecoTerrain stickers and memos on the floor of it before she got into the water. 

I see the red kayak shoot out from the side of the fountain. The current has it and the kayak starts drifting towards the far side of the lake. I don't see Niela anymore. I start to panic.

"Give me the binoculars," Dan says sliding into position next to me. "Get on the scope."

I position myself at the rifle and look through the scope, I aim at one of the guards. The bubbles start spread and follow the red kayak into the filtration current. 

"I see her," Dan says, "she's good." 

I switch my aim between the three guards walking in front of the buildings. The one in the middle notices the bubbles first. I watch him slow and stop as he faces the water.

"They've seen the bubbles," I say. Still watching through the scope, I swing around towards Niela. I watch as she reaches a patch of light and flips her kayak, paddling underwater back towards our side of the lake. I switch views again and see the third guard heading, slowly it seems, towards the second. The first guard stays positioned in front of building one, but he has a radio in his hand and is gesturing and pointing at the red kayak. Guards two and three turn towards it.

"Ok, Maggie, it's time," Dan says.

"Is she out?"

"Almost, we need to move."

"I'll cover until she shoots the first Molotov. I'll catch up."

Seconds later I head the PHHHHOOOOOOOPPPP of the t-shirt cannon and watch the guards as a Molotov slams into the fourth story of the first building. Fire drips down the side of the building and I can see that it's caught inside as well. The outside guards jump. 

PHHHHOOOOOOOPPPP. A cocktail hits the second building. PHHHHOOOOOOOPPPP. PHHHHOOOOOOOPPPP. They keep coming and I see the guards scrambling, yelling and trying to figure out what to do. I see guards from the backs of the buildings join their colleagues in the front and a group of them stand together gesturing and yelling. They're confused. PHHHHOOOOOOOPPPP.

Niela keeps shooting, the guards look into the lake, but don't seem able to pinpoint where the shots are coming from. Meanwhile the buildings are painted with fire. 

I lean the rifle on the fence and listen for the rest of the shoots as I swing my pack onto my back. Counting the shots, I follow the path Dan took towards the fence. I've got my 9mm in my hands, but, as planned, the guards are distracted in every direction that is not towards us. 

I see Dan a hundred meters ahead, crouched behind a massive planter and looking into the lobby of buildings five and six. He turns to me and signals that I should "hurry the fuck up", so I sprint under the assumption that he's bothered to check if anyone will notice. I crouch next to him.

"Observations?"

"All the outside guards headed towards that side," he says pointing towards building one. "But no one came outside."

"What about the dudes in the back?"

"I saw them too, if they were outside, they're in that group over there nice and confused. The guy in the lobby though," Dan points, "he's curious."

"What do we do?" I'm observing the lobby guard peering out into the courtyard. Curious indeed. The guard is holding a radio in his hand, but doesn't make a move to go outside. If we move now, he'll probably see us.

Dan pulls out his phone and hits a button. "Yo, Oscar, call buildings five and six reception." He hangs up. We watch as the guard startles and then turns towards the desk. We make a run for it. We run past our ultimate goal and slip around the side of the building heading towards the parking garage of building four. 

We do a quick check for eyes on us and then run into the side door. The parking garage is empty. A light flickers and the crack of it echoes. We stay close to the wall as we head towards the door to the building. Nothing is moving, and the outside sounds are dampened by the concrete pillars of the garage. The door to get inside the building is locked, but it's just a normal deadbolt. I smile at our good fortune and pull out some tools. I pick the lock in six seconds and Dan and I quietly close the door behind us. We take the stairs two at a time. At the landing to the third floor, we pause a moment as Dan breathes heavily and curses me for not bringing water. 

Until we've put in the disruptor device and the circuit redirection device on the electrical box, we're flying blind. I fiddle with the silencer on my weapon, and look at Dan. He nods. We open the door to the third floor slowly. To the left there's a short wall that turns into a glass conference room. The room expands out to our left and there's a long wall of glass in front of us. Through the glass in front of us we can see a mess of cubicles and more glass rooms. I also see a guard. He's walking in front of and around the conference room, away from where we need to be. I point him out to Dan and then we turn right, staying low and close to the wall. We move slowly for about ten meters in a dimly lit back corridor. 

I see the electrical box in front of us, attached to the wall about ten meters away. I signal to Dan to watch the corridor we just came down. Our position is accessible from directly behind us, should the guard come back around the glass conference room, or in front of us from the other end of the hallway. I imagine on the other side of the wall is a row of offices, and I wonder how often the guard walks the back hall or at what point in his round. 

I'll attach the circuit redirection card to the back of the box first. I activate the card by digging my nail into first one and then a second weld on the top of the device and peeling off the globby adhesive. I stick the card to a bit of duct tape and then stick it onto the back of the box. My hands barely fit behind it, but I manage to attach the card far enough behind it that I don't think anyone will notice it quickly, if at all.

The electrical box isn't locked, and I open it easily. Oscar was right, the box is made out of steel. My hands are calm and steady as I peel off the casings on the wires. It takes me a few moments, but I attach the splitter and clips and then hook up the disruption device. I try to hide it behind the wires a bit.

Dan has his head cocked and is listening to the silence in the building. He's listening for footsteps. I pause for a moment as well, and hearing nothing, I close the box and pull out the mini-welder. I decide to weld the bottom of the box. When I spark the welder, a low crackling hum sounds deafening. Dan tenses. I spend no more than a few minutes welding the bottom of the box, and put an extra weld on the right bottom corner as well. I use the bottom of the welding gun to smooth the weld, and then click off the fire. 

Standing up, I motion to Dan that I'll watch the opposite end of the hall. We walk slowly back towards the garage door. We are near the wall, upright, with our backs together and weapons ready. No one comes into the corridor, we walk quietly but quickly. Getting back to the stairs is easy.

We head down the stairs to the garage deck, taking the stairs a few at a time. The adrenaline makes me feel like I'm flying as I skip the bottom six stairs using the railings to propel me down. Dan is a bit slower. My gun is in the waistband of my cargo pants. When we get into the garage, the light flickers again as if it was waiting for us.

---
We run to the back of buildings five and six and smash ourselves against a shadowed wall as a guard rounds towards us. He's staring at the cool glow of his phone, he doesn't see us or anything else around him. Dan looks at me sideways, and I know he's thinking the same thing I am, this is all too easy.

My phone vibrates. 

*I've got eyes on you. I want you to enter the back garage door and take the stairs to the second floor. Enter the floor, go right and duck behind the desk. More instructions will follow.*

I show Dan the text, and he nods silently. With Oscar watching and manipulating the security feeds, we have both an omnipresent brain and a benevolent dictator to guide us. The guard staring at his phone is far enough away that he won't see us, not that he would see anything outside the light of his screen. I wonder for a moment what happened to Niela. If she's waiting for us, or if she felt like she needed to leave.

We slip into the parking structure and hurry towards the access door to the building. As we approach, I see the red light on the camera behind us flicker. Dan grabs the door handle and immediately the electronic lock clicks, and the door opens. We close the door quietly behind us and take the steps two at a time to the second floor. When we arrive, we do as Oscar instructed, take a right and duck behind the desk. Within seconds, we hear footsteps and a guard walks past our position and towards the belly of the building. 

*Ten seconds, then over the desk and straight to the elevator. Push the button and the doors will open.*

Dan points to his watch and we count the seconds together, then as if we're the same person we launch ourselves silently over the desk and sprint to the elevator. I hit the button and the doors glide open. We step inside and watch the back of the guard, who has noticed nothing. The doors close.

*Floor 9. I can see that the grid is deactivated, but there are no cameras on 9. Be alert.*

"How long do you think it will take to get Oscar the access he needs?"

"Should be fairly simple, once we get in," I whisper.

We reach the ninth floor and the doors open. 

"Hey!" A guard sees us immediately. I duck and Dan takes a shot, the guard is hit in the shoulder. As if in slow motion the guard raises the radio in his hand. He's bringing it up to his lips when I reach him. I kick the radio out of his hands and drop kick him in the chest. He slams into the wall and slides down it. I use the butt of my pistol to smash him in the temple. Dan is picking up the radio as the guard passes out. 

"Shit, he's bleeding bad," Dan says.

"Don't worry about it, it's only a shoulder wound. Let's go."

"Should we leave him there?" 

*I've got eyes on the stairwells.*

"Leave him, let's just hurry up," I say and I start sprinting around the wall of the ninth floor core. We need to reach the south side of it to enter the outer core, and then we'll need to wrap back around to get to the inner core.

The laser grid looks like it's on when we reach the door into the outer core just like Oscar said it would be. 

"Here goes nothing," I say to Dan who is panting and staring at me with wild eyes. I step into the outer core and pause. I realize that if there is any sort of an alarm it's going to be silent and we're already completely fucked. I straighten up, try to release the tension that's built up around my shoulders and head to the right, looping back the way we came except on the other side of the wall that protects the entire core. The path isn't long, but the adrenaline has been coursing through my body for a good thirty minutes now.

Dan already has the hammer in his hand when we reach the voice activated inner door. We just need to get the door open, plug in the USB device Oscar included in the kit and wait for him to text us that he's finished. Dan swings at the control panel and the casing breaks. 

"I'm not aware of my own strength, I thought that was going to take a couple of hits," Dan smiles.

"Yeah, you're the Hulk. Here," I hand Dan a wad of plastic explosives and he jams it into the casing. I take another wad and put it on the crease in the door frame where I can just barely make out the locking mechanisms. 

"Stand back!"

"No, wait! I have more of this stuff," I give Dan another clump of explosive. "Better safe than sorry."

Dan and I use almost all of the plastic explosives for the first detonation. He attaches the wires, and we stand back for the blow. Dan sets it off, and I'm surprised by the force. 

"Damn."

"Yeah, phooey."

We climb back to our feet, shake the ringing out of our heads and I start pulling the magnets out of my bag. I toss one to Dan. He runs it over the casing and I run mine over the door frame. 

"How the fuck are we supposed to know if this is working?"

"Shh, listen," I put my ear to the wall and close my eyes as we run the magnets randomly around. I hear the shards of the locking mechanism shifting and moving. It's faint but I hear it.

"Ok," I say. "Let's kick this fucker in."

"Hulk kick!" Dan says as he moves as far to the wall as he can. With a run, he flies towards the door and kicks it as hard as he can. "Owowowowow!" He screams as he bounces off the door. "I fucking knew this wasn't going to work!"

"Ok, but it has to, so let's just use the magnets a bit more."

We run the magnets in opposite directions and listen as the shards move. Dan bangs his into the spot where the voice activation speaker had been, and we hear a slightly louder 'thump' in the wall.

"Try again," I say.

"You try, asshole, I just busted my knee with that last kick."

I sigh and turn around, walking towards the wall. I take two deep breaths and run towards the door. It's only a few steps then I slam my shoulder and full body weight into the door. It hurts. The door opens.

"Sure, of course YOU get the glory of breaking in the door," Dan pouts.

"Team effort, come on."

We move into the inner core and are met with stacks of servers. Three hallways of black servers. There are about twenty five servers per cooling rack, each with its own row of flashing lights. Each rack releasing its own irritated sighs of processing. The room is hot, really hot, and I wonder if the air conditioning is dysfunctional. 

"It's just a server farm," Dan says, "I thought it was going to be something more interesting."

"This is processing all of InterVisions data, I think the interesting bit is inside these machines."

"Alright Gumbo, what's next?"

I look around the room. The cooling racks are being fed power from above, and the racks are glass fronted. 

"We need to open one of these," I say pointing to a server stack door.

"Does it matter which one?" Dan asks.

"Hold on, I don't know." I start walking up the first aisle, looking at the racks. They all seem to be connected together, but what if they're not? "I don't know, text Oscar."

Dan speaks as he writes, "Dude, where do we plug in?"

The answer comes within seconds.

*No worries, open any rack and plug that shit in. Worst case scenario, we do three or four.*

"Glad I still have this," Dan says and he swings his hammer at the nearest cooling case door. The glass breaks. He's able to move the lock with his finger and pull the door open. I pull out the server nearest to my hands, and stick the USB stick in the back of it.

*Go* I type at Oscar.

*Standby*

"I'm thirsty," Dan says. "If this is going to take a while, I wanna get a coke."

"Are you insane?" I ask seriously. 

"No man, there's bound to be a vending machine around here somewhere. People work in this place. They have fluid needs."

"Dude, seriously, what are you saying right now?"

"I'm saying I think I should skiddadle out of this room for a few minutes and grab us a couple of cokes. Aren't you thirsty for a coke?"

"We don't have eyes on this floor. Are you willing to get shot in the face for a coke?"

"To be honest..."

"Dan. No!"

"Ok, remember when we were in that other building?"

"What like twenty minutes ago? Of course I remember!" I'm getting irritated. Even in our current situation, Dan is acting like a doof.

"Yeah, well the guard had a beverage in his hand and he was coming from the center of the room. I recall that the break rooms are in the middle of the towers."

"We're not in a fucking tower, we're in the expansion. So you'd have to..."

"Chill out dude, it'll take me like five minutes tops. I'll just slip over to tower five and be back in a jiffy."

"Again, are you risking your life, and mine, by the way, for a coke?"

"Hm. Well, I guess I am, BRB!" Dan kisses me on the forehead and then leaves the room.

"Fucker!" I hiss. I listen as his footsteps move away from me.

*Dan went to get a coke. If you aren't too busy, maybe you can keep an eye on him?*

*That guy is incredible. Which tower did he go towards?*

*Five*

*Fucker*

*Yeah. Update on the intel?*

*Looks like I'm everywhere. I need another seven or eight minutes though. Alls quiet. Hang tight.*

I sit down on the floor with my eyes on the door. I see Eric sitting with his back against the door in his bedroom. We were chatting like carefree lovers then. I was lying on the bed facing him, wearing nothing but a towel. I was on my stomach, wet hair, my legs dangling upwards towards the ceiling. My ankles crossing and my legs swaying. I don't remember what we were talking about. I only remember feeling like I was there completely. Eric had just gotten back from some sort of meeting, even that detail I couldn't remember. He'd made me laugh as soon as he'd walked in. I was about to go to the kitchen when he'd slid down the door and said "Just stay a while." I had flopped onto the bed and started chatting about the entertainment news, which I was making up.

There's a tightness inside my chest. The adrenaline is in a down flow, I'm feeling things I don't want to be feeling. My throat is constricting, and I notice the fear and pain and anxiety spreading through my body. Eric and June must be in the facility under the very building I'm in. There's no other explanation, they are imprisoned for some reason. Franzel wouldn't be dumb enough to outright murder an Onyx employee. Jacob would never allow that to happen. He couldn't.


---
"Here we go," Dan hands me a coke and sits down, "told you it wouldn't be a big deal." 

"My nerves, man, my nerves."

*I saw Dan come back, y'all enjoying that coke or what?*

"I think it's time for us to go get June and Eric now," I say to Dan.

"Is Oscar done?"

*You done?* I text.

*By the time you finish that coke, Mnemonic will be processing already. Take the stick with you and head back to the elevator, I'll take you down to the sub level. No cameras outside of the elevator though, so be careful.*

I stand up and look at Dan. I read him Oscar's message as he chugs the rest of his coke. 

"Aiight, let's do it," and Dan slams the coke can on the ground and climbs to his feet.

We leave the inner core and wrap back around to the elevator on the main part of the 9th floor. The floor seems silent, but we move low and quietly. Once in the elevator, the doors close and we start to move.

"I didn't even press the button," Dan says to the camera. "You have to wait until I press the button so we don't know you're there."

I pull my gun out and switch off the safety again. I motion to Dan that he should do the same, and he does. A minute goes by. I notice the lack of elevator music. 

As the doors open, I'm surprised by the entryway. Though we're underground, we step out into a nearly circular room flooded with light. The walls are grey stone with elegant sconces and white LEDs. To the left and right of the elevators are open doorways leading to staircases. Across the room is a hallway, but between here and there is a grouping of sofas. Mike Franzel is sitting, facing us and talking to another man with his back to us. Mage scoots over to us.

"Welcome Ms Lawson and Mr Hewes," Mage says in its slightly jilted AI voice. The voice is neither feminine nor masculine, but a strange mixture of both. A non-binary robot. "We've been expecting you. Please come and have a seat while our security personnel settle in." I look around and in seconds guards start coming down the stairs and lining the walls. "Would you like something to drink?" Mage asks us.

"Beer me," Dan says tightening his grip on the gun and taking a half of a step back from the robot. "How are you doing Mage?" 

"I'm very well Mr Hewes, thank you for asking. And you?" The robot politely folds its hands and looks at us with its head slightly to one side and slightly bowed. It's wearing a beret and an apron for some reason. 

"Well, Mage, I gotta tell you, I'm not super excited about the way this day is panning out."

"Oh, but sir it's a lovely day." 

"Maybe on the outside it is Mage, but in here it smells of rotten flesh."

"Yes sir, well the Master is still working out some kinks."

"What does that mean?" I ask Dan and he just shrugs.

"A beer then for Mr Hewes and you Ms Lawson? What can I bring you?"

"Make me a Shirley Temple, Mage, I haven't had one in years."

"Alright then, come have a seat with the Master and Mr Sunnard, and I'll bring them to you."

Dan and I walk to the couches in the middle of the room and sit down with Mike Franzel and Jacob. We both have our guns in our right hands. I study Jacob. He's completely relaxed, like always. I look at Mike, he's got a crazy look, like always. 

They're both wearing red shoes.

